  This is my first Go Pet Club cat tree.  Honestly.... Cheap.  It looks nice but, it is scaled down.  The diameter of the scratching posts are smaller than any other cat tree I have owned. The shelves are not fully covered, (top and bottom) but I have found that with other brand too. However the shelves and the bed are small and thin. The edges of the bed or perch on top are very thin almost sharp. The holes for the bolts on the bottom are not sunk in anyway making them a danger for scratching a wood or tile floor. One of the first things I noticed when putting it together is the screws on the nameplate were sharp. They caught my fingers.  I purchased a Trixie brand product 4 months ago for $26.00 and the quality was awesome.  Now that I have said all of this.  I am keeping the product. I will put it in a room in the back and the cats will use it.  Since I have had many different brands of cat trees I can compare. This is an acceptable product if one did not know there is better. I will not choose this brand again.
  The price is right; easy to assemble; and I think they like it!
  When I bought this I figured my cats MAYBE would use the top bed part and would definitely ignore the bottom ball "IQ" part. Turns out they LOVE the top part and one of them adores getting the balls out of the bottom toy so much I had to go buy more balls just to keep her amused. This cat tree surprised and impressed me. Definitely worth the money and then some.
  Took me less than 30 minutes to build it, while I was building it, the cats (I have 2) were curious and snooping around. Once it was built, one cat looked at it, played with the balls in the box and walked away, the female cat loves it, she loves high places, and sleeps on the bed at the very top, when she\'s not sleeping, she\'s playing with the mouse, swatting it.
  Very easy to put together by myself. None of the cats have played with the box with the balls in it... The first step could be a little longer. The top area is just right for my medium sized cats...It gets used because it\'s a great way to look out of the window or take a nap.
  A decent cat tree from the local chain pet center would have been $150+.  This was less than $50.  As such, it has some drawbacks.  The base is 1/4" pressboard, so there is not a lot of stability if a bigger cat wants to leap to the top shelf.  For that reason I have it braced against a wall.  The bolts that hold it together have exposed heads, so I had to mount furniture glides underneath to keep the base from scratching the floor.  The exposed bolts on top I covered up with an ancient lambskin (see pic).  The upper shelf is a little shallow, but the cat figured it out pretty quickly.<br/>Update 14 Aug 2020<br/>I just bought a roll of twine to repair what my cat has shredded on the cat tree (see photo).  He doesn\'t seem to want to scratch the center post, just the two side ones.  But those have taken a serious clawing.  I am well pleased with this cat perch.<br/>On the plus side, it was amazingly easy to put together.  I had it done in about 15 minutes.  The upholstery is nice and soft, but needed a few days to air out. Once the smell was dissipated the cat jumped right in.  Hasn\'t figured out the box with the plastic balls, though.  Probably a good thing, because the balls have little bells inside that could prove to be a problem at 3 AM.<br/>The only upgrade that I think it needs is a decent square of 3/4" pressboard glued under the base to provide good stability if the cat chooses to launch up (or down) and to cover the exposed bolts.  Other than that, I am satisfied, especially with the price.
  Update: Still going strong with a 3rd cat in the mix. Really a quality product. Fairly easy to clean and our cats really enjoy it. We did take the box part off because one of our cats so nicely got sick on it. But it hasn\'t affected the integrity of the cat tree at all.We have had this cat tree over 6 months it was definitely worth the money.<br/><br/>I have two young cats one is about 9 months old and the other is 4 months old and we were looking for a cat tree to put near a window that would fit full gown cats and provide carpet for scratching as well as scratching posts and this one was the best price and we felt the most bag for our buck.<br/><br/>It was easy to assemble, the bed can be turned at the top and our 9 month old kitten who is super long bodied can comfortably lay in it. The different step sections are large enough for your average adult cat to lay as well and our younger kitten has been enjoying the mouse.<br/><br/>It seams fairly sturdy and light weight as well
  The product arrived in a timely manner and was neatly packed with all the parts included plus an allen wrench to assemble it with.  Go Pet Club IQ Busy Box Cat Tree has a large heavy base which makes falling over not likely to happen.  The only wobble to it occurs when both of my cats are jumping around near the top of it.  Both of my cats had to check it out once I put it together.  My larger adult cat didn\'t seem too interested in it over the first couple of days.  My younger and smaller cat feel in love with it from the start.  My larger cat looked a bit uncomfortable while trying to lay in the top circular level on his first try.  However both of my cats have since fallen in love with the Go Pet Club IQ Busy Box Cat Tree.  The larger cat sleeps most of the day on the top and the smaller cat switches places with him at night.  Overall it\'s a good buy.  BTW, neither cat seems interested with the busy box despite my adding some cat nip to it.
  I bought this particular design (45") May 16, 2019, so my cats could get to their window table. I have multiple bird feeders on the other side of the window for the cats\' and my enjoyment. Originally their bird-watching console table had been between a couch and the window, but when the couch went the table was too high for the old cat, the fat cat and the unhealthy cat to reach from the floor. So what I needed to find was steps. Official pet steps are pretty much just for getting to a sofa seat or bed. So I started looking for something to use as steps or levels and finally found the 45" tree here, which is basically steps with the top one exactly level with their shelf/table. Perfect.<br/><br/>This does work very well as the needed steps. The basic structure has held up pretty well, despite frequent use by 3 large (I think of the black one who snuck in through the pet door a year ago last winter as small, but he is 8 1/2 skinny pounds) cats. I didn\'t think that the little bed at the top was going to get much use, but my old guy turned out to like it, even though he hangs over the edges. The toy with the balls in the box hasn\'t been used at all. But the post for the middle step turned out to be the fat old (I resemble that description myself, so no judgement) cat\'s new favorite scratching post. And in less than a year she got through the rope and the cardboard tube, to the point that the stability of the whole tree is threatened.<br/><br/>I contacted support at GoPetClub about buying a replacement post. They get points for quick response, and $10 is a reasonable price for the post, but with shipping and handling that went up to $23, or over 1/2 the cost of just buying a whole new tree. It\'s still exactly what I need, so I\'m here to order another one, ensuring replacement parts for everything but that front post.<br/><br/>So the cats will still have more and newer furniture than I do.
  Kitty loves it. Sturdy wood, carpet is bit thin. Busy box is sturdy and cat played with it initially. She loves sleeping on the bed up top and playing with the dangling mouse. Good price. Fast shipping. Arrived missing a screw and delayed my setting it up...but customer service was quick and efficient.
  This is amazing cat tower! It has very nice design, very sturdy, easy to assemble. My cats already love it! They have a lot of fun with the IQ game on the second level. It was a much needed upgrade for my home because the old cat tree is too small for my boys. The reason I chose this model is because my cats love chilling on the cat tower but they are big and they don&#8217;t fit on the old cat tower anymore. This one has large shelves where the boys can sleep and hang out. I also don&#8217;t like towers with houses because both of my boys like open space and don&#8217;t feel comfortable in small enclosed spaces so this tower was excellent choice for their needs. The only downside is that the most part of the two long poles is covered in some cheap fabric that sheds a lot and the cats will rip it apart very quickly. It would\'ve been better if the manufacturer upgrades this model and wrap the long poles in sisal from top to bottom but I guess I can do this on my own when the time comes to strip off and replace the fabric. My cats are super happy! I recommend the cat tower!
  Overall, this cat tree is a FANTASTIC value for the money. We bought it as a cheap way to keep five rescue kittens entertained and give them more places to be during their time with us as we work to rehome them. The tree goes up easily, with simple instructions and easy-to-understand images of what goes where and how things attach with either the hex keyed, single-ended screws or the double-ended screws without heads on them.  Comes with the hex key, so you don\'t need to go get one out of a toolbox.<br/><br/>The tree is light and easy to move around the room. It does sway a bit when kittens are on it, but it appears stable and has not tipped over. Overall, we like it and so do the kittens. If we planned to keep the tree for ourselves, we\'d definitely go with a sturdier, more expensive cat tree. This one, though, will go to the home that adopts the last kittens. We recommend this cat tree, with the caveat that it may not be as durable and long-lasting as the more expensive cat trees.
  Our two kittens took to it like a magnet to metal. All of the different levels and toy box keeps them busy and the scratching posts are actually used quite often which is one of the main reasons we bought this, that an the incredibly reasonable price and easy setup. Assembly instructions were very clear and it took only a few minutes to setup. The large base makes it very stable. As our kittens grew to almost full size (10 months) they continue to enjoy its many distractions and levels. I was concerned that the carpet-like material covering the platforms would encourage our kittens to use it as a scratch pad. In our case, it did not!
  Super impressed with this. I was originally interested in this because of the good reviews and because there was a sale or deal offered through Amazon giveaways, so I didn\'t have to pay full price. I put this together with "help" from a friend\'s toddler -- that\'s how simple it was. I didn\'t pay close attention to the instructions when we were assembling it, so I had to switch out the posts I had put on with the correct ones once or twice, but it was not a hassle. My cat thoroughly enjoys it, especially the top shelf and the hanging toy, although she hasn\'t been interested in the activity box towards the bottom. I wish the overall tower was a bit more level, as it wobbles a bit, but I\'ve put it up against the wall and it\'s not a big issue. I would recommend this product.
  My cat has attacked this tree relentlessly, and it still stands safely.<br/>Personally my cat did not care about the game box, she never uses it even if there are toys in it. Knowing my cat\'s personality I would find one with a different game in the front.<br/>The only thing my cat loves are the scratching posts and the tunnel that she can sit in/on.<br/>I have owned it for about 3 years now, it does show wear mostly in the stand legs because my cat has scratched the cloth off. I could glue it back on or remove it to show the bare legs, but I really don\'t care.
  I have purchased other models of Pet Club cat trees before and have always been pleased with the quality. This time, much less. My cat is 14 years old and weighs 9 pounds. Jumping into the top perch rocks the unit and frightens her although happily it has not fallen over. It is stable enough as long as it it braced against a wall or the patio doors but then I have to move it out a couple of inches every time I open/close the doors. As a free-standing unit it is dangerous. I am keeping it only because for the price it is not worth the effort of taking it apart and repackaging but will also need to buy a more stable unit.
  I\'m really liking this product. It\'s pretty sturdy and my cats really enjoy it. It\'s tall and can be tucked in the corner and mostly out of the way depending on how big a place you have.<br/>I do have it against a wall since it could potentially tip over but I think that\'s the case for most cat trees.<br/>It took a little bit to assemble but it was easy enough.<br/>I\'d recommend it if you\'re looking for a good cat tree for a few cats or even just one since it\'s pretty big and good for older cats more than very young ones.
  Bought this for my elderly Siamese to be able to climb up to window sills and she hate it. The covering plush is a little &#8220;slick&#8221; and doesn&#8217;t really allow for claws to catch and help her balance, so she avoids it. My slightly younger Siamese/oriental mix LOVES it - although it&#8217;s really clearly meant for kittens or smaller animals. Both my cats are older so they don&#8217;t use box toy at the bottom, so I will remove that, but they do like using the scratching areas and The elastic cord mouse. All in all, for the price not a bad unit. My only caveat is I wish it was covered in true carpet like many are - I suspect my older furry would feel safer in it if it were.
  This is solid and fits together well, and is pretty easy to assemble. I\'m giving it 2 stars because of poor design and small size. It\'s not a good fit for cats over maybe 6 or 7 pounds; my two are 10 and 11 lbs and didn\'t use it at all even when I hid treats all over. I\'m guessing that\'s because the platforms and little house are too small to really be comfortable for them. The angles are kind of weird - I\'m not sure how a cat is supposed to get onto the top level, since it\'s blocked by the toy box, and they can\'t really play with the balls inside the box because they\'re mostly unreachable from most of the platforms. All those holes in the top are useless because they\'re not where a cat could reach them. I think this is probably better for kittens (why would adult cats need a ramp? it\'s too steep for cats with arthritis or other issues...), but my criticisms of the toy box design still hold. Nice idea, poor design. If you have small kitties, it might work better, but I ended up getting a Kitty City cat jungle gym instead and put it in the same place. Within days my cats were all over it, and it\'s continued to be a favorite ever since.
  The cat house is too small for larger cats. Back when my 15.5 pound kitty was about 10 pounds, he couldn\'t fit in there. The fabric that it is covered in is thin, soft to the touch, and silky. There is no padding underneath either. There have been a couple of times when he tried to run and jump up to the top quickly, slipped on the silky fabric, tried to catch himself, but couldn\'t get a good hold of the fabric and had fallen off. He loves laying on top, but since he is a big kitty, and it must not have been built for so much weight being thrown around on it, the top tree leans and wobbles even with screws as tight as they can go. Works okay when pushed up in a corner against a wall. Might want to screw the top section into the wall unless you want to hear it hitting against the wall as it wobbles all around when they jump on this. Would be better if sturdier and covered in a thicker, less slippery fabric that would be easier to sink their claws into more.
