  This cat tree has great carpet, solid wood, and easy assembly.  Had a wicker basket nice cat tree but cats did not like it so I sent it back.  Cats love this carpet which is plush with only minor strands (4) that were easily cut off.  This cat tree is basically one unit with the upper loft attached by twirling to the post.  The tree was well packaged, weighed about 50 pounds.  There were no missing parts and alignment was true.  My cats were on this tree within 30 seconds after assembly.  It seems stable and the circular loft is about 17 inches, which is big enough for my 20 pound grey and white fluff ball.  There is carpet underneath the circular loft, which is about 32 inches from ground and will reach window pane. There were no strong odors.  Prestige Cat trees are well made and will last forever.
  This cat tree doesn&#8217;t allow enough spacing or offset for my cat to comfortably jump from one shelf to the other.  My cat is only four years old and quite a climber so I imagine if she&#8217;s having issues a lot of other cats will too.  Frankly I would return it if my husband hadn&#8217;t already disposed of the shipping box.
  I have two very active kittens. I bought another cat tree for them and I was always worrying that they\'d tip it over. When I saw this one on line I immediately realized it would be much more stable. It\'s great! They can wrestle all they want on it, jump from the top to the top of bookcases, or just plain sleep comfortably curled up together. I love it and so do they.
  My cat loves his climbing towers. He has recently showing signs of arthritis in his back legs. Having multiple levels has made it so much easier for him to still climb up to the top where he likes to be. Very sturdy also which helps a lot since he&#8217;s 15 lbs and very long.
  I have a rather large cat and some of the cat trees do not have a sturdy base. This cat tree is made very well and attractive . Very pleased
  I see pictures from customers of the tree with beautiful carpeting from a few years ago and mine is not that. If you purchase it now they have switched out the beautiful plush carpeting for carpet so cheap I wouldn&#8217;t even put it in my garage. I have been buying cat trees from Prestige and New Cat condos for years and both companies have gone way down on the quality of carpeting on the trees. Did they think we as the consumers would not notice this?! Is carpeting that much money that you can&#8217;t put plush high quality carpeting on the trees like you advertise yet still charge us the same high amount?!? Order from either of these companies and you will see for yourself. I never write reviews but I felt I had to here.
  Easy to assemble.  Wish it was a little larger.
  One of the best and solid cat posts I&#8217;ve ever owned!!  It is sturdy and won&#8217;t fall over!!
  I needed something strong enough for my 15 lb cat and her super active brother. This cat tree fits the bill!
  Liked very much
