  First - the tower is well made and easy enough to put together.  I purchased it for a rescue cat we had just adopted.  I was excited to receive this tower because it wasn\'t too tall/large ( for my office ) but had a large enough platform bed for her to sleep on, and a "basket" which on reviews of other towers seemed to be cat\'s favorite part.  She\'s not an overly large cat - 10 pounds, but the configuration of the top square platform ( not shown in my pictures we removed ) did not give her enough room to get to the hanging ball to play with or comfortably move from one level to the next, so we removed it.  After a month and a half of her not paying any attention to the basket, we also removed that and eventually added more sisal so she can have a taller location to scratch on.  She only uses the pole to scratch, not the ramp ( another feature I thought was great ); loved the hanging ball ( until she overstretched it too many times and snapped it off ); rarely goes in the house - but does.  Loves the platform bed and its large size ( many other towers I saw had smaller ones ) allows her to be cozy but comfortable . Every cat is different - so yours may love some of the features that mine did not.  I think the key takeaway is how large your cat is and will this be functional for them.  It was a good price so I didnt think making the adjustments detracted from the positives about it
  My cat would not get on it at first. He\'s about 14 pounds and it was hard for him to go from the box to the platform. He hated the bed and wouldn\'t step in it. I ended up taking the bed off which made it easier for him to sit on top of the box and jump to the platform. He will only go on it every now and then. Hopefully he\'ll get use to it.<br/>I loved everything else about it.
  I originally got this as a gift for another cat, but I should have read the description more closely. This condo is very small; we jokingly call it "a cat tree for ants". I kept it rather than go through the hassle of returning it, but I should have just returned it. It suits my small cat just fine, she\'s a bit over seven and half pounds, but she has already pulled the mat up out of the scratch post entry thing. She isn\'t that strong so that says a lot about the quality... It\'s great for the price, I suppose, so I won\'t complain.
  I have two new kittens (2 months old) and this tree/condo is perfect for them. Not too high to break a leg jumping off, not too low to be boring. They both sleep inside the rectangle cubby hole.  One of them loves the bowl and the other loves the cushy tray above the bowl. Perfect viewing platform for looking out the window at birds and chipmunks.  If you have kittens, this is a great tree for them!
  I love this cat tower!  Tower looked exactly like the online picture after assembled, was pleased....My cat went right to it after it was set up, and placed by my living room window.  She&#8217;s an adult, only 2, and not a big cat...on the smaller average size, and she seems to fit just fine on all the perches and in the house part.  She loves to look out the patio window on her new tower perches!  It&#8217;s so soft and mostly sturdy, just a teenie weenie bit wobbly, but not bad.  I like the ladder part so she can either climb or scratch on it.  I don&#8217;t know who likes it more, me or her lol, but all in all, it&#8217;s great and worth the money:)
  Love the color love the style but very difficult to put together as you can see in the pictures the post are crooked where we had to bend them to screw them in. The bottom post even cracked a lil ok the bottom piece. And the long one in front is at an angle so that it could be screwed In too. My baby is only 10 weeks old so it&#8217;s fine for now but I feel like the bigger she gets it won&#8217;t hold up.
  Looked good when unpacking, not so much when trying to put together. Screw holes didn\'t line up instructions were not very clear when assembling, is was a cat toy not a piece of furniture. So sent back.
  Product is easy to assemble and is sturdy and reliable. This is the longest scratch post that my cats have had. It is a great purchase for the value. Will buy again!
  Very upset with this product. Have only had it for 2 months and screws have been coming loose and falling out. The assembling was not easy at all took me atleast 5 hours. Definitely not worth the price and do not recommend this product. Please anyone look around first before you choose any type of cat tower. You need to have alot of patience to put these things together.
  Had bought another one that had smaller perches. My large cats were hanging off. This one is much better and doesn\'t wobble around like the other one.
  Very inexpensive and my cats love it
  This was quick and easy to assemble and is great for both my small and larger cat
  Perfect size for average mid-size cats and kittens alike. Purrfect the!
  My two furbabies love it and it is soft and easy to put together.
  The photos here misleading- the tree is alot smaller in person. This seems like for kittens.
  Thought it would be more sturdy and taller
  I love the product!  Just a pain in my ass to put together! Be prepared to have a drink or 10!
  Easy to assemble for the most part. Directions were vague but useful.<br/>The cats love it. Came with a few extra bolts and an extra ball toy.
  This is so small that even a petite cat can&#8217;t use! For six months and younger.<br/>Complete waste of money!!
  We buy things to make our pets happy, right? This was another &#8216;hope they like it&#8217; kind of thing. They absolutely love it! Best purchase we have made for our cats!
