About this item
Wrapped in soft plush fabric with natural sisal scratching posts
Top platform with extra padding
Dangling pom pom toy
Color: gray
Question:Is this good for a fairly large cat?
Answer:It's not even good for a medium sized cat!! It wobbles, not sturdy at all!! My cat is medium and she never played on this thing! She was to scared to get on it because when she did it would shake and she would jump off immediately. It even tipped over once! It's not safe and a waste of money, I ended up putting it in the backyard as some outside kitten loved it until he outgrew it and wouldn't go near it! It's good for kittens but large acts, not a chance in hell!! see less
By Stufflover on December 7, 2013
Noooo! It will shake and probably tip over. I also have a large cat,at her last weigh in she was in excess of 12 pounds. The tree constantly shakes and now she just uses it at the bottom for a scratch post
By Sue Campoli on December 14, 2013
My cat is a normal size cat and he just sits on to look out the window. I don't think even mine is comfortable to sleep on it but would be ok for a large cat to look out the window. Now my cat does not like the top shelf because it is shakey.
By Brian on December 7, 2013
We have our tree bolted to the wall so it doesn't move and our 19-pound DMH uses it and lays on it all the time. He's large and hangs over the top tier a little bit, but it doesn't seem to bother him.
By Usakoi on July 27, 2016
Absolutely. I have 2 cats and one is quite plump and it definitely holds up well.
By Laurie on December 7, 2013
Kit Kat is 13 pounds only thing I suggest is to put something heavy on the base. That's what we did and it seems top work if not it will sway because there is no weight in the base.
By Gardnergrl on December 8, 2013
No
By Mike L on December 8, 2013
Question:is it good for big cats
Answer:It is a great size and made pretty good for the price. A big cat could fit on it. The only problem is the base. We put some extra ceramic tiles on the bottom to keep it from tipping over. I would have just put a bigger base on the bottom but this works ok. Still costs less than any others I have seen
By marilyn caputo on November 29, 2013
No, it's great for kittens but my cats are really to big for it; not only do they hang off the platforms, but every once in a while it falls over.
By eubillie on November 29, 2013
I use this for my 2 big cats. The only issue is it is not as stable as it should be. I have never had issues with is falling over but I do have it pressed against a wall for access to a higher window. When my cats climb up & down or jump off of the cat tree it does bang against the wall because it is not as stable on the bottom as it should be. You can maneuver one of the shelves positions to make it slightly better ( the 1 moveable shelf cannot be positioned as it is shown the tree would fall over if a cat jumped directly on it). I have had this for over a year my cats do not mind that it moves a little when they are moving on it, but that may not be true for all cats. This would be perfect if the bottom was much heavier! see less
By Sandy on December 7, 2013
No, it's great for kittens but my cats are really to big for it; not only do they hang off the platforms, but every once in a while it falls over.
By eubillie on November 29, 2013
I use this for my 2 big cats. The only issue is it is not as stable as it should be. I have never had issues with is falling over but I do have it pressed against a wall for access to a higher window. When my cats climb up & down or jump off of the cat tree it does bang against the wall because it is not as stable on the bottom as it should be. You can maneuver one of the shelves positions to make it slightly better ( the 1 moveable shelf cannot be positioned as it is shown the tree would fall over if a cat jumped directly on it). I have had this for over a year my cats do not mind that it moves a little when they are moving on it, but that may not be true for all cats. This would be perfect if the bottom was much heavier! see less
By Sandy on December 7, 2013
No it is only good for smaller cats and kittens
By Chatty on November 29, 2013
Yes, my cat is three years old and pretty large and loves to sleep on the top platform but you need to secure it to the wall.....I used an eye hook with a cable tie in the center of the top post, that way if the cat jumps right to the top, it won't tip over.....Happy Holidays.....-MAC-
By ronald makinster on November 29, 2013
Question:Hi. I'd like to know the exact shipping weight of this product as I have a 20lb weight limitation on my orders.
Answer:Hi. I dont know the exact weight but it was at least 25 pounds.
By CC on October 7, 2013
I really don't know but I would say it was pretty close if not over to that.
By marilyn caputo on October 9, 2013
The details states 26 lbs
By Pam on July 2, 2018
Question:how easy is it to assemble?
Answer:It was pretty easy to put together. My cats love it.
By Byrdy on January 9, 2014
Very easy to assemble was ready for cat use in 5 minutes
By carol stirrs on January 7, 2014
It was very easy to assemble. I did it and my husband just made sure everything was really tight.
By marilyn caputo on January 8, 2014
Extremely. It comes with everything you need to put it together (allen wrench, etc.).
By JAR on January 7, 2014
Very. Should take about ten minutes or less to put together.
By William D on January 7, 2014
Question:in many parts come apart? could fit in a suitcase?
Answer:Yes it comes apart.
Would fit in large suitcase
By LoJo_FL on April 7, 2015
NO -would not fit in a suitcase. It weighs about 20 pounds and is in several pieces. Needs to be put together and remain that way.
By Nancy W. on April 8, 2015
I would believe so! It all unscrews. I would think one of those medium to large suitcases would work!
By harbison on April 7, 2015
I would rather ship it in its original box, it's a bit bulky
By E. on April 8, 2015
It could, but the weight may be an issue.
By Linda Chambers on April 8, 2015
Question:Would this be best placed in a corner..due to the instabilty everyone is saying? Cause I have the perfect corner for it.
Answer:Yes, this is perfect in a corner. My girl wouldn't use one time. She climbs, but she didn't like the cat tree. Not even in front of her favorite window
By beachgrl59 on January 15, 2020
In a corner is best and it's not very tall. About the height of a nightstand. In the photo it looks WAY taller than it actually is. This would be a great perch next to a window.
By dlc on January 15, 2020
Yes, I believe that a corner works best, makes it more sturdy for those wild running-up-the-cat-tree moments. We have ours in a corner and our cat loves it there. The corner position also provides 2-sides support for the cat when it sleeps on the top shelf.
By MAS on January 16, 2020
Mine is in a corner now but I had no issues when it wasn’t
By Angela on January 15, 2020
I had it in a corner and it still consistently fell over. It also starts to bend overtime. We had it less than a year before tossing it because I was scared it would fall and crush my kitten while we were at work
By Katie K-H. on January 15, 2020
That is where I have placed mine and it does not turn over anymore.
By judy a on January 15, 2020
Not sure as my cat did not play on it, so I sold it. However, it is light weight and my cat was a little heavy for it, so it would sway too much.
By rebecca a. tillotson on January 15, 2020
Question:I have a 12 pound cat. Is this product good for a cat of his weight.
Answer:The one I have is the Trixie Oviedo Cat Tree. It is 10" shorter and, I think, has a heavier base. My 8# cat runs up and down easily. Don't knop about a 12# cat.
By K. L. Carr on February 5, 2017
I dont know which specific tree youre referring to but the San Fernando style one would not be sturdy enought to hold a 12 pound cat. It wobbles a lot as is just for my 8 pounder. Hope this helps
By Amazon Customer on February 8, 2017
If you want something that is cheap. Get this. But know that you get what you pay for and th base of the cat tree to too small to make it stable. You cat will probably only go on the second level because its so freaking wobbly. My 13 pound cat uses it if I put treats on it, but he doesnt really like it since it wobbles so much see less
By Fatima O on February 4, 2017
I have a few fatties and I must say that it can support them. It's extremely stable and I'd recommend it to anyone.
By Missy K. on February 11, 2017
Question:what is the size of each of the 3 platforms?
Answer:The top platform is 14" x 14". The middle platform is triangular in shape. The sides are both 15 inches long and the long side of the triangle is 20 inches long. The bottom platform is 12" x 15".
By Amazon Customer on February 23, 2016
top to bottom platforms are 14"x14", 12"x19", 15"x12"
By pruenpiper on February 23, 2016
They are each about 18 inches wide. I have big cats and they fit really well on these platforms. For the price, this is a good sized cat tree. I'm actually thinking about buying another one. :)
By Lisa Harper on February 23, 2016
My cats (4) range in size from 7lbs to 13lbs and they fit on all levels.
By Kindle Customer on February 22, 2016
The top is a 13in square and the others are roughly the same though different shapes. It's plenty big enough for our avg size cat.
By wendy m on February 22, 2016
Question:Where can I get parts? My cat tipped it over so many times the top board broke off. I need the plastic pieces,prolly several since the plastic will b
Answer:I had one of the plastic pieces that hold the sections together crack after it fell over. I e-mailed the company who built the tree and they sent me an entire new section for the tree. Great service. I'm sorry I can't find their e-mail address but I believe it is on the assembly instruction sheet that comes with the tree. Now I set the tree against a wall and it hasn't tipped over since. see less
By bertnernie on June 23, 2014
Try plumstruck.com, give them this item #TXE047-2. Tell them the part you need. Also try TRIXIE Heimtierbedarf GmbH & Co. Sorry don't have a 1-800#.
By Fuzzy on June 21, 2014
I gave to my daughter as a gift. She had problems and I gave a bad review but she contacted the company and received a whole new cat tree. I would highly recommend them but I don't know the company.
By Tom Lunsford II on June 22, 2014
Question:What tools are required to assemble this?
Answer:My husband assembled the cat tree with just a screwdriver. He also said that you could just twist the screws by hand.
By Geri Ganschow on February 10, 2016
It comes with the allen wrench that fits the socket of the bolts.
By Author Henry Sipes on February 9, 2016
Just an allen wrench that is included.
By Willy S. on February 10, 2016
Hi Monica. I had to return mine because it came without hardware, so I am not sure.
By Sabrina Purnell on February 9, 2016
It comes with the allen wrench that fits the socket of the bolts.
By Author Henry Sipes on February 9, 2016
Just an allen wrench that is included.
By Willy S. on February 10, 2016
Hi Monica. I had to return mine because it came without hardware, so I am not sure.
By Sabrina Purnell on February 9, 2016
Question:What are the dimensions?
Answer:The top level broke off and stripped after a couple weeks. Id go with something else.
By Mindy on December 19, 2017
Question:Would this be sturdy enough to put in a room that has thick carpet?
Answer:I would say no. Ours is on a very thin carpet and has tipped over a few times when jumped on by one of our two cats. We have it sorta rigged up against a wall now so the wall is on the side of the weight shift when they jump. This might just be a common issue though. I have another one that's shorter though and they've only knocked it over once, so maybe that's the way to go. Good luck! The kitties do love these things though, especially next to the window for the sunshine coming in!! see less
By Erin on May 29, 2017
I dont think it would be honestly. I had ours on wood floor and its teuly not too sturdy. Look for one with larger base
By Marilyn R. on May 29, 2017
ours is on hardwood and braced between the couch and the wall. I wobbled when the cats ran and leptonto it.vbyhou would need to anchor or brace it for even a calm cat.
By K. L. Carr on May 29, 2017
