About this item
Give your kitty a fun, safe environment in which to play
Earth-tone neutral colors fit any room décor
Ideal for all cats and kittens
Easy to assemble. Carpet style is smoother, softer, and more tightly woven level loop.
Fits ceilings up to 9 feet
Does not fit vaulted/cathedral ceilings
Question:Is the color "tan"? Some friends received these and they were blue, but I need "Tan".
Answer:I ordered the tan as well but received the chocolate brown. I returned it.
By HelloGille on January 29, 2021
tan and blue, this stand is a piece of china garbage,!!!!!! select another.
By desertmoon on December 19, 2015
Yes, well it's kind of camel color. I wouldn't have gotten it if it were blue. I will say if you know someone who's ordered it and received blue instead, they sell these at Walmart for $35, that's where I ended up getting mine.
By DJRakyta on December 15, 2015
This one is tan. The blue ones are a difinite blue. However, I would not buy it anyway. I purchased one nine years ago (same company - Cat Craft - ) and it lasted 6 years. Then I bought a new one last year and it changed to a cheap carpet that tore off in last than 2 months. Also not sturdy at all. Cheap and worthless.
By Constance Hazzard on December 15, 2015
The one I got was tan
By Linda R. on December 19, 2015
Question:Does anyone know if replacement parts are available? The piece that connects my poles have broken :(
Answer:My cats have scratched the poles that connect the platforms so badly that mine is broken too. Because the poles are just super-heavy-duty cardboard under the carpeting that's just stapled on, over time and with enough tiny talons, the poles can be shredded right through. So, this is not an answer to your question, unfortunately (and I'm sorry!) but perhaps it's a caveat to others that these Catcraft climbing trees are only $40 for a reason.... I've bought two and same thing happened with both, so I probably won't buy another; that said, I have a multiple-cat household so maybe someone with just one or two cats would experience more longevity with the product. Sorry I can't be of more help. see less
By Ellebe on November 19, 2013
If you go to osipet.com you can find replacements and additions.
By Whit on November 30, 2019
We've had similar things happen and my husband used a strong glue for some parts, others, he had to come up with something on his own. We ended up buying another one when it became "no longer fixable"; which we are not happy with - the previous one was terrific, why they changed it, I don't know !!! I don't know if there are any replacement parts available; you could try to contact the manufacturer. see less
By DMM on November 19, 2013
Question:What are the dimensions of each of the levels?
Answer:Each level is 10"x17" and you can rotate them to any configuration you would like.
By Judy A Johannsen on April 21, 2016
Each of the three tiers is about 10.5" X 16.75" (as is the base piece). From the floor, the distance to the top of the 1st tier is about 23", to the top of the 2nd tier is about 45.25", and to the top of the 3rd tier is about 67.5".
Over the years I have purchased 4 of these for our many rescued cats; each lastin… see more
By TM on April 24, 2016
Question:Is there a way to make this cat tree more sturdy? It is wobbly when my cat climbs on it.
Answer:Twist the tension thing at the top as though your ceiling were taller. This will make it sturdier. My cat runs and jumps on it and it wobbles but never falls. I just have to straighten it once in a while.
By Ruthanne P. on July 10, 2017
I placed (2) small metal L-brackets (screwed one side to bottm of platform and screwed other side to wall) placed one bracket at top and one at bottom. I also used zip it anchors for the wall, they are easy to install and durable. I have two cat trees and this has proved to be the best way to secure since my cat goes nuts jumping on these ( he's 11lbs). see less
By Amazon Customer on June 3, 2019
I have two cats, one of whom is pretty hefty, and we braced the tree against a wall near the door which seemed to help it be more sturdy.
By AK82 on July 10, 2017
Check that the disks that plug the end of the tubes are tight. they have glue holding them in the end of each tube. Mine got loose about 7 years ago and I repaired them by drilling holes and adding four screws thrugh the tube and into the plastic part that has the nut in it. I finally replaced mine after 12 years of abuse when they shredded the carpet. Also tell your cat to slow down. see less
By Harold A Johnson on July 10, 2017
Question:How do I cut the top down to fit 7 foot ceiling? The top tube that has the spring in it.
Answer:my ceiling is 7.5 feet tall. 90 inches. will this cat tree fit?
By Lisa on December 24, 2020
I don't know that you can. The specs say it fits an 8 or 9' ceiling, with use of the extension spring rod pole. But it's not made for lower than 8' ceilings, as far I can tell.
By Tina J. Bembry on December 17, 2015
We cut ours down for a 7-foot RV ceiling, to allow our cats a "ladder" to the upper bunk. As Aline mentioned, we didn't cut the top tube with the spring. Instead, we took 3 inches off the bottom three tubes with a sharp finishing saw that went right through the carpet and cardboard tube. (Used a knife to cut the bottom piece of carpet after the saw went through the tube. The plastic piece used to screw the tubes together was stapled in; just use needle-nose pliers to pull them out and the plastic piece pulls out easily. I glued the plastic pieces into the shortened tubes. In use, however, the fit was so tight it left a glue ring top and bottom, with little glue to attach them, so that glue isn't holding, and two of the pieces have come apart. On a long trip now, but when we get back, I'll go the staple route. Shortened the white PVC tube to around 8 inches. We also fashioned a "hook" to hold it steady against the bunk edge, out of a right angle brace and bungee cord. It was very steady until the glue let go, but even with the little bit of wobble, the cats just swarm up it to the bunk level. I can't post pictures in this answer, but I'll repeat this answer as a review and include them. see less
By Hikes in Rain on June 5, 2017
You can cut back on the short tube jutting from the ceiling plate, and cut back on the white tube that must fit into it. We did not try to shorten any of the carpeted tubes, but if you wanted to do that, don't do it to the top tube with the spring in it!
By Aline H. Lotter on June 27, 2016
Question:Would this work in a room where the ceiling is sloped or slanted? Thanks!
Answer:Use a 4-inch x 4-inch wooden block. Cut 1 end of the block to match the slant of your ceiling. To make the block more secure, mount something tacky on the flat side of the block where the pole touches. Mount the block against the slanted ceiling and then use the tension pole as it normally would.
By FabGnat on July 6, 2016
My ceilings are slanted and I planned to try when I bought mine, but it didn't work out. I have a solid beam in the middle, and I had to put it there. The top is spring-loaded and has a flat rubber end, so it has to be on a flat surface.
By Becca Byrd on January 13, 2016
I do not believe that it would work in a slanted room. I would not buy another if it was made within the last two years. Read the reviews.
By Constance Hazzard on December 31, 2015
I don't think it would work well. The ceiling brace component is a flat disk and wouldn't get a good purchase on a sloped ceiling. I have had 2 of these and highly recommend them.
By Bob E on December 31, 2015
I think this would work better in a flat spot. You could put a wedge in between the ceiling and the top to make it work.
By Eric G. Schwartz on December 31, 2015
No, if there is a flat spot then yes or maybe you can rig something up but he ceiling has to be flat
By Ashley Pobanz on December 31, 2015
Question:Could this item fit 7ft ceilings?
Answer:Yes it will fit, it isn't made for a big cat.
By angie on July 30, 2016
I think It will. The top part is spring loaded & adjustable. You can always trim the pole if needed. This is the 2nd one I've bought. First one looks pretty rough after 6 yrs & 3 cats, but it's still very useable.
By Cathy B. on July 30, 2016
You'd have to take a piece of it out...
By Bookbag54 on July 30, 2016
Not without some serious modification.
By D. Howe on July 30, 2016
Question:How tall is the actual post? Without the tension rod part.
Answer:It measured about 7 and a half feet. I say approximate because the platforms cause the measuring tape to bulge out a bit while measuring. I believe this is accurate within an inch or two. I hope this helps.
By Jo on May 6, 2017
Question:My ceiling is 11’ tall. I wonder if there is anyone who bought two of this and assemble them together to get a taller one? Will it be possible/safe?
Answer:No. It would not be safe. Be to wobbly for your cat’s. And it would scare them into not using 1. If you need a taller 1 have someone handy at wood working make you 1!! Or see if they can support 2 of these together so it’s not so wobbly ( example run a rod straight thru the middle to make it 1 solid piece ) !! Good luck!!
By Brian on February 16, 2021
You can do that. Some of the section post are longer than the others you can add another platform and which ever post that will fit the best
By Affinity Trading Company SELLER  on February 17, 2021
Question:Is the color "tan"? Some friends received these and they were blue, but I need "Tan".
Answer:Mine is definitely tan. It may be a little lighter than depicted in the picture if anything, but it's a nice color.
By Becca Byrd on December 16, 2015
Both mine are tan.
By Judy A Johannsen on December 15, 2015
Question:how high is the top platform?
Answer:Our cat is a maine-coon cat. She is big so we modified the platforms with bigger boards and carpet. The tallest platform is 68 inches high.
By Amazon Customer on February 19, 2017
The whole tree fits ceilings up to 9 feet. (it has a pole, on top, that is adjustable to your specific ceiling height) It has three different levels. All approximately 2 feet apart. So, the top tier would be ABOUT 6 feet off the ground.
By Scratch Cat SELLER  on February 22, 2017
65" (5 ft 5in)
By francis b. on February 19, 2017
Question:I would like to know how high off the ground the tallest shelf is?
Answer:Approximately 72". I have to approximate b/c my Cal has a thing for the tape measure & attacked lol He LOVES these perches & I'm pleasantly surprised at how well it's held up. I put it in front of a window where he watches his friends visit a birdfeeder.
By Amanda H on May 23, 2017
Best guesstimate would be 7 feet
By Ryan Kranic on May 23, 2017
6 ft
By EEW on May 23, 2017
