About this item
Cozy Hammock - Cats love nothing more than to snuggle up after playtime! The plush hammock provides maximum comfort for your furry friend to peacefully relax, lounge, or nap
Save your furniture - Sisal wrapped post provides a healthy outlet for cats natural scratching instincts instead of using your furniture or carpet. Made from sisal rope, the scratching posts are durable and safe for your pet to use
Play Time - Not only is this cat tree perfect for scratching and napping, it features a rustling tunnel making it ideal for interactive play. It encourages exercise, stimulation and appeals to your cat's natural instinct to hunt prey
Product Details - Color: Cream; Dimensions: 15.7" L x 23.6" W x 26.8" H; Easy to Assembly
Question:Does anyone know the dimensions of the hole? Personality differences aside, do full sized, medium-large cats fit in it and utilize it frequently?
Answer:It's 7 inches across....we have small to large cats and they all fit in it without a problem. Some of our cats use it regularly but they all LOVE the hammock up top.
By Jim696 on December 29, 2013
Question:Can someone please tell me how to get the hammock to stay on the top?
Answer:I did the same thing as the first two replies and have had no problem. My cat had to be enticed up to the hammock for a couple of days (with catnip), but now she loves it!
By Amazon Customer on February 8, 2015
The two posts are screwed into the bottom edges of hammock and the posts are bolted into the stand which has to be done through the cubby hole in the stand. Ours is very sturdy and handles a very active good sized cat. Hope that helps :)
By Karen M.Myhaver on February 10, 2015
You have to build it from the bottom up to the top. Use the Allen wrench to tighten the screws for the hammock. It's a pain in the butt. I had to call customer service because I couldn't figure it out.
By Susan DZ on February 8, 2015
The hammock should be secured when you twist in the scratching posts on the sides.
By Kathleen M. Lucas on February 9, 2015
Not sure why you are having a problem. I put it together several months ago and my cats love it. I have not had any problem. If I remember correctly, you have to attach the posts to the hammock first and then attach the posts to the base.
By Teresa M on February 7, 2015
I attached the hammock to the poles first and then attached the poles from inside the bottom part and have had
absolutely no problem. I have a very large cat who loves to sleep in the hammock and it is very secure..hope
this helps.
By Matilda Augusta Stein on February 8, 2015
Question:My cat is 12 lbs, and 17 " long, will she be able to fit in the cubby hole and curl up in it?
Answer:The base is actually a pretty decent size being about 20 inches wide and about 17 inches deep. I would say most cats, even large ones would fit inside the cubby comfortably.
By Kelly on November 9, 2014
Yes, she will be very comfortable. My cat is 16-18 lbs. and he gets in there on his towel all cozy.
By Cindy on November 11, 2014
Our cat is 13 lb. and about that long (he won't stand still for me to measure accurately) and he can fit inside. That being said - he is totally addicted to the top hammock:)
By Deb & Jer R. on November 9, 2014
Easily! I have two 15 pounders (and still growing) and they've curled up together in there together. What's hysterical is to see them together in the hammock.
By Rita on November 9, 2014
yes; this is a very large and well built cat tree house.
By BOB- ZANESVILLE,OHIO on November 9, 2014
Question:What are the dimensions?
Answer:20 inches wide, across the front. 23 1/2 inches tall. 15 1/2 inches deep
By Bruce Kahle on February 2, 2014
Is this for the small one?
By Liz on November 20, 2016
Question:Assembly directions
Answer:I am not mechanically inclined but I was able to look at the diagrams and assembly 2 in less than 10 minutes very easy.
By Vicki Lynne R on August 8, 2015
Easy-just screw in posts to hammock (top) & bottom part...screws are built in, so all you need do is put posts in place between top & bottom parts & twist til tight. They loosen a bit after much use, but just twist posts & they tighten right up-my guy loves it!
By Shali on August 8, 2015
Just a couple of screws- takes around 5 minutes
By Edward R. Sammartino on August 8, 2015
None needed
By JoSam on August 8, 2015
Question:Is there a padded cushion in the bottom of the cubbie that is removable for cleaning?
Answer:No. The inside bottom is covered with the same "fur" as the rest of the unit. It's not cushioned at the bottom part, so you may have to put some sort of removable cushion there anyway. My cat LOVES this product. She only lays on the top part.
By Edna Sheffield on May 7, 2015
I also don't have that style, since mine does not have the cubbie. I would assume that it does not have a removable pad.
By Will K on May 7, 2015
I don't have that style. there is no cubbie there is only a platfort which is real soft and furry. The hammock by the way is perfect cat size and I had to get another one becuase Summer was pushing Mandy out of the sling from underneath. lol
By Jazzie on May 7, 2015
No pad, nothing removable. Just the same fur inside the little cubbie.
By Sharla Pedroza on May 7, 2015
no
By Nina on May 9, 2015
Question:What are the dimensions of the hammock on the baza grande senior? I have a very chibby cat (about 22#) and want to make sure its large enough for him.
Answer:IMHO the original Baza hammock would be a better fit for your cat. One of our cats is also the same size as yours and fits comfortably in it. Any smaller and he would not fit nor be comfortable. The Baza Senior with its stairs is really nice, just wish they'd kept the hammock as large as the original.
By Stephanie Top Contributor: Pets on April 16, 2020
It might be tight, however cats, no matter what size end up sleeping in tiny places.
If your kitty like to scratch to posts, they ware out very quickly.
By Terri Swan on April 16, 2020
I think it maybe to small. My cat weighs 14 lbs and he fills it
By Queenbe on April 16, 2020
Question:Does anyone know why there is paper inside of the tube? Has anybody tried to get it out? I'm torn between just sending it back and cutting out the pap
Answer:If you mean the crinkle paper, I think it was to be a stimulant. I cut it out when the kitten got older and less interested by it.
By cypris aguirre on April 15, 2021
I thinks it put there to entice the cats with the crackly sound. I know my cat goes nuts tearing the tube up and scratching the sisal rope. I would just keep it in the tube and see how your cat like it.🐾
By Mama Cat on April 16, 2021
Not sure what you are talking about.
In my tube it is just a tight fit , meaning not really open like a tube slide.
By Sir. Pete on April 15, 2021
I guess the cats supposed to like this crinkly noise. My cats never went in that tunnel. I never thought about cutting it out, I think I'll do that. Not very sturdy either, good for small cats.
By Neptunia on April 15, 2021
Because some cat's love the sound of crinkly toys.
By Rabbit on April 15, 2021
Question:Does this look as zen as i want it to be? is it sturdy. i love that every way has a way out. i have two cats and thats a necessity.
Answer:Unsure about the Zen component, but its pretty sturdy. My cat used it for a long time before we had to get rid of her. Id think you'd be good to go. Its not a piece of cardboard. Its got decent weight to it too!
By Brian Houghton on April 19, 2020
Our cat enjoys it! She loves to spend time in it during the day watching the birds out the windows. She sleeps at night either in her bed or in the hammock section.
By Philip R. Dudley on April 19, 2020
My boys love this! And they are big boys. 16#&11#. And it has held up for years. It is a favorite of theirs to sleep in the top hammock part. The tube part had opening in both ends but I could never convince them to use it. Still very worth it. Sturdy
By Karma on April 19, 2020
Its very durable,but the nest is only big enough for 1 cat. My cat loves it and really likes the sisal rope scratching feature.🐾😸
By Mama Cat on April 19, 2020
not as sturdy or as big as it looks
By E.C. on April 19, 2020
Question:Is the basket 18 inches or 12 inches ?
Answer:Can't remember... tossed this a long long time ago.. Not a great product on any level .. Pass.. Junk
By G. Vaccaro on December 26, 2019
Question:How do you get the top to stay on?
Answer:There are screws at the ends of the scratching posts and they screw on to the top then there are 2 more screws that come up through the inside of the base( those are just loose screws)
By Amazon Customer on August 22, 2016
Question:Are replacement scratching posts available for this product?
Answer:Not same product I purchased, sorry!
By mepenpen on April 14, 2019
Umm I don’t know we tossed it it was used up . Cat it a real scratcher
By Looking for a deal… on April 13, 2019

