About this item
CAT DADDY APPROVED. Overall Dimensions: 28"(L)X25"(W)X57"(H)
All scratching posts are wrapped in 100% cured sisal for long-lasting scratchability
House Dimensions: 15"(L)X14"(W)X12"(H)
Max Holding Weight: 40 lbs. Easy to assemble
It is recommended to place the product in a corner to prevent the G-force when a cat tries to jump on it from a distance.
Question:I would like to get this so my cat would play with it while I'm at work. Would I need to worry about him getting his paw stuck in the string?
Answer:Your cat will spend most of its time on this and you will be happy you bought it. My kitten catches her claw every so often on other things and I can't patiently wait for her to retract it or get herself out. What I can say is that the loop is tiny, the string is about 4 in long and my kitten just plays with the ball a… see more
By K Goldman on November 5, 2013
My cats killed (combo pulling on it/chewing through it) the hanging toy within minutes so it wasn't an issue, but a cat could get it's claw stuck in anything, even a blanket or a loop in the carpet while you are gone. I'd watch while you were home for a prolong period and if it happens or you think it's likely, remove… see more
By Anne on November 5, 2013
No, I don't believe that would be an issue. Of course there is always so odd chance of something happening. This is our second cat tree. The last one they ripped to shreds because they loved the scratching posts. One or the other and sometimes both sleep on it every day.
By OM18V on November 7, 2013
I never attached the toys to the stand because I read some comments about cats pulling them off and potentially swallowing the strings. My cats mostly just enjoy sleeping on the different levels and sometimes they bring their toys up with them.
By Nicole4383 on November 6, 2013
I got this a few weeks ago, and have another similar one, and we have not had a problem. I was concerned that the cat would be able to get up it due to how the shelves are arranged, but she has no problem at all. It is a good tower.
By Greg on November 5, 2013
.We bought this tree over two years ago, never had a problem. The toy was attached to the top perch, but our cat is more interested in snoozing up there. At the moment, she is up there looking out our windows.
By Julie Vee on December 28, 2014
Question:I have a large cat and I am wondering if he will be able to get into the house area .... How big is the opening?
Answer:They are (there's 2 in case the picture isn't clear with the cat in front of one of them) 7 1/2" wide by 9 1/4" tall. I have a 20+ pound male cat who has no problem getting in the doors, plus we've all seen cats squish into amazingly small places, so it would have to be a very big cat who couldn't get in the doors. M… see more
By Anne on December 10, 2013
8" wide and 9.5" high. It's not a very bid house. My kitten seems to have no interest in laying in there for whatever reason.
By Trigs on December 8, 2013
9"x 7 1/2" (both openings)
By Cynthia on December 8, 2013
Where can I get replacements for some of the posts? There's one that lookd nearly bald. Thanks!
By Julie Vee on August 27, 2017
Question:Older consumer. Is it difficult to assemble and how long? Have 3 cats. Two fairly lg. males and small female. Fun for all?
Answer:no - comes all a part but just screws together. easy - no special tools or anything. We have 3 males two large and one female and it works for all.
By Michele on February 24, 2014
I'm a 69-year-old female. The box was heavy and neighbor helped me bring it inside. The pieces were easy to handle and assembly was fairly easy. Because of the weight, I did need assistance to move it to the final placement. My male is larger...almost 15 pounds, but seems to enjoy sitting on the platforms and climbing.
By M. Fitzgerald on February 26, 2014
I'm in my 60's and it was pretty easy to put together, although when I first looked at all the pieces I felt a little overwhelmed. Take it slowly and follow the instructions. I know I put it together in less than an hour. I have one ten pound cat and she is absolutely gaga over it. The one I have has a total of 10 scratching posts on it, and Emily loves to scratch every one of them, sit on every level, and jump up on it from weird angles. I have a friend with a similar unit and three cats, and they love their tree too. For comparison (as I know are there several configurations of this tree, here is the one I have: Armarkat B6802 68-Inch Cat Tree, Ivory see less
By Linda on February 23, 2014
This is very easy to set up. My daughter has a large female and a spry male - both love this thing! Recommend highly.
By Patricia Berardinelli on February 24, 2014
This is not the exact cat tower I had but it was easy to assemble and the cat seemed to enjoy it. She would not go on the top teir though because it wasn't exactly sturdy for a 10lb cat. Just don't over thighten the threads or they may strip. I had no trouble. For what the pet store charges for cat towers the one I got I thought was reasonable in price
Question:Where is it manufactured?
Answer:A quick google search of Aeromark Pet Company turned this up....
http://www.manta.com/c/mmljwdh/aeromark-international-inc
Appears to be made in New Jersey.
I have two of these and they are great! Sturdy and well built. see less
By K. Reische on January 26, 2015
China
By Charles Shores on January 26, 2015
Question:what are the scratching posts covered with?
Answer:Sisal rope. My kitten loves to climb the scratching posts all the way to the top. Kinda shaky when my big boy (16lb) jumps up on it, but it hasn't broken or fallen over.
By Patty on June 5, 2014
Sisal rope. My cats really like scratching on it.
By DMHodor on June 6, 2014
Sisal rope and you can purchase replacement posts @ Dr Foster & Smith in several sizes
By Frannie on June 3, 2014
Heavy sisal twine. My cat shows no interest in using them for scratching. She's 10 years old, tho. A recent adoptee. And I suspect she never used sisal for scratching before.
By FrugalTightwad on June 3, 2014
I believe it is sisal rope. I have two Highland Lynx kittens and at 6 months they are quite large. I do not believe in amputating the end of their toes, so they still have their claws. As yet they only use this to claw against, and have done so regularly. The rope has remained as it was the day I bought the tree. I have also been very pleased with how well designed and sturdy it is. My two kittens can pay all over this without fear of it tipping over. Neither can fit into the enclosed box on the tree, but other than that it is perfect for my cats. see less
By Rocky on June 3, 2014
Rope. This tree is very sturdy - I have a heavier cat and tightened the lower platform 'kitty-corner' so it would rest on and support the upper platform. It's well worth the money.
By Reno2007 on June 3, 2014
Question:can the cats get from one platform to the next one up easily?
Answer:If you cat is agile and loves to climb...this is perfect!
By DiamondMindMarketing SELLER  on August 4, 2015
Yes, very easily. If they jump from the floor to the platform with the house, then they can go to the upper ones with no problem. The one directly under the house, though might take some creative moves to go higher, but the house level is easy for a cat to reach from the floor with just a small leap.
By O. Denise McGinnis on August 2, 2015
My cats seem to have no problem. They hop from one to another. I do not know if it would be as easy for a much older cat though. My oldest is 7 but she is fine with it.
By Jacquelyn on August 1, 2015
Hi,
Don't worry about it, the cats can get from one platfor to the next one up easily.
Thanks.
Helen,
By armarkat SELLER  on August 2, 2015
easy to get from one to other, however my cat has never been to the top yet and it's probably she hasn't tried.
By emerick on August 1, 2015
In so much as the cats seem to be able to go anywhere in the house that isn't behind a closed door, I would say yes without a doubt they can go to either platform from the floor or from either platform.
By Lrecho7 on August 10, 2015
Question:Hi! What is the height of the second shelf from the top? I need a ledge that's the height of the windows on a standard garage door. Thanks!
Answer:The top perch is 55 1/2" from the garage floor, the perch under the top perch is 44" from the garage floor. There is a 2" edge on the sides of the perches and that could be why your first answer is 46".
By Joan L. on June 6, 2016
It is 46" from the floor and the top shelf is 12" higher.
By Rhetta on June 6, 2016
Question:Does it come with the hanging toys
Answer:It comes with a hanging puffball on a stretchy cord and a hanging rope. Our cat is very rough on his toys constantly breaking them and hasn't broken anything on his post yet.
By Robin Murphy on October 26, 2015
Yes, it came with the hanging toy but you will not be able to hang it on the cat tree. If you are buying it for the hanging toy do not purchase this item.
By Shevron on October 25, 2015
It comes with 2 yarn-type balls. I added Taj-type toys (pig, bear, mouse) to mine. My cat enjoys swatting at them.
By Katsat on October 25, 2015
It has a fuzzy ball hanging from the 2nd highest perch. My cat love to play with it.
By Wink of PM on October 25, 2015
Yes, mine did. It has a rope and a fuzzy ball. I did not hang any of them; the ball wsd of concern 'cause I always worry my cat will get caught up in the cord. I'm even neurotic about the blinds in my home...don't want them to have access to the pull cords. So...I cut the ball off the cord and he plays with it on the floor. see less
By Kristine Satterwhite on October 25, 2015
Hi,
Yes, It has the hanging toys.
Thanks.
Helen,
By armarkat SELLER  on October 26, 2015

