About this item
Cat Daddy Approved by noted cat behaviorist Jackson Galaxy.
72" Height, Beige Multi-Level Cat Tower, with high density faux fur covering for felines comfort and soft
Well constructed of 15mm pressed wood material, making it not only thicker but stronger.
100% natural, seasoned sisal rope wraps all posts securely for years of scratching
Base dimensions: 24" x 22", stability is always the priority. Heavy and widen base supported by reinforced post give reliable sturdy.
Question:We are looking for a tree with a safer and roomy platform to platform climbing for two less agile 18 pound cats. What is the safest tree for this?
Answer:I have had this Amaracat cat tree for 12 yrs, all of my cats have loved it. I highly recommend an Amaracat tree/condo for your cats. The cat tree has a wide solid base with plenty of levels, the house is a good sized, I have had two of my cats (range from 10-15 lbs) in the house at the same time laying comfortably. My youngest cat races up and down the tree and it does wobble but has never gone over. I like the faux fur much better than the sheep skin, the faux fur is easier to clean and doesn't tear like the sheep skin covered trees (I recently had to replace my 4 foot cat tree that was covered with sheep skin due to tearing of the sheep skin and it was a pain to try and get the cat hair off of it). see less
By Amazon Customer on January 31, 2014
My two cats who are in the 14-16 lb range and about the same age, love this tree. It was the first cat tree I've purchased and I was not sure if they would like or use it. They use it anytime I am in that room and often when I am not, including the highest perch. It was easy to put together and seems very sturdy, especially since I have it pressed against a corner. I definitely recommend this cat tree. see less
By Kimberly A. Kelly on March 16, 2014
I bought this from Amazon a few years ago, because I got a Maine Coon kitten and at seven months old, it's snapped my old cat tree in half the first time it jumped on it. This tree was listed on a site designed for large cats. It is suggested that you put this tree leaning against the corner so that makes it even more stable than it already is. I now have two cats and I am very happy with the tree. see less
By Jc Moritz on January 14, 2021
Good question. I love this cat tree for many reasons. One, my cats are 15lbs and I'm not sure if they'll get any smaller. :) But they run up and down this tree like they're on fire when they're chasing one another. And it's never fallen. It occasionally wobbles when they are racing on top of it. But it's never gone too far off the ground. The platforms are big enough for my long kitties. At first I was worried but they fit perfectly and are always on their cat tower. And the boxes are definitely big enough for both of them. I've only bought this cat tree after going online for a few days and doing research. And like you, looking at comments and this mAker has great quality. As long as you continue to keep it clean and vacuum the hair up so it's always clean, this will definitely last. We've hAd it going on three years and it still looks great. I've looked at hundreds and even in stores. This is the best deal for your money. Hope this helps. Zenaida see less
By Zenaida H. on January 12, 2014
As much as I think this tree it attractive the material used on the board is a bit slippery it would help if they put some sort of cushioning under it that the cats could claw into but the surface under is very hard and the material although pretty and soft is too slippery.. I would look for one with tradition carpet material on the platform. Hope this helps. Good luck! see less
By Patty Brown-Charland on January 30, 2014
This tree is huge and very sturdy! I think your cats would do great with this one!
By Rebecca Kuester on January 12, 2014
Question:Do the dimensions - 50x26x74 - apply to the base or to the fullest part of the tree? I'm interested to hear about sturdiness and stability.
Answer:Just measured mine and the actual square base piece is 22" deep and 24" wide. The side pieces stick out on both sides to about 48" wide. And overall height of it is 72" tall. It's an excellent cat gym for small and large cats and by far better deal than any In store cat gym I have ever seen. It does look a. Bit smaller in person than advertised but well worth it and I have owned mine for about 7 years and still works as cats still love it. I had a cheaper older one that I was able to combine into this one to make it even better so mine is slightly different than this now but all works excellent! see less
By MTB cyclist on December 29, 2013
To the base. It's very sturdy for my two 12 plus pound cats. They are always chasing each other upstairs and running up their tree. It holds both their weight when they play rough on it. Its never once fallen down or gotten knocked over and we've had it for a couple of years now. It's very sturdy and stable so no need to worry of you only have a couple of cats. Now occasionally if they get too rough and are attacking each other, you can hear it wobble a little from downstairs but again, it's never fallen or tipped over. Hope this helps. see less
By Zenaida H. on December 28, 2013
How stable would this be on a carpet?
By Midwife on July 14, 2016
Question:Is this sturdy enough for a rather large cat? 22lbs? Would the top tiers fit him?
Answer:Yikes answered about another tree I own this one 15 cats few huge !!!!!this is only brand I tried others they were awful lasted a week 3/4 yrs later this still good gonna get new one JUST cause other is tore up after 15 cats expected love this this is one sturdy wonderful cat tree!!!
By Mary M. on December 2, 2018
Wow, that is a big cat!!! LOL You must feed him really good...:) The tiers are about 12x12 if that helps! If he runs and hops on, I can't say it won't wobble some, but it holds up good enough, it would probably be fine. It's tall, so it will wobbly some if they are rambunctious. But it is a sturdy well built unit for the price! Hope this helps. It is purrr-fect for my kitties! All 6 of them. LOL see less
By Eyes wide open on June 6, 2014
Hi, I have this cat tree. This a is very sturdy tree. Now I don't have a cat that weighs 22lbs but I have multiple cats that sit on this cat tree at once. It holds up very well when multiple cats are sleeping or playing on it. As for the top tiers it might be a bit to small. All three top perches measure 13 inch by 13 inch. I hope this information has helped you. If you think this tree might not be size appropriate for your cat then I suggest looking a wayfair.com. They have some big cat trees for pretty good prices. see less
By paige on June 6, 2014
That depends on how aggressively your cat climbs the tree.
There are two default ways you can configure the tree. Configuration A is not very stable; it works for my kitten, because he's rather light. Configuration B is more stable. In theory, you could figure out your own even-more-stable configuration. Alternatively… see more
By Abhimanyu V.S. on June 6, 2014
It's sturdy enough but it'll wobble a bit. The top tiers are pretty small if he were to try to lay on his side he wouldn't fit. But he could sit up or try and curl up fine. You could leave the top perch off and he could have the box/platform to lay on :)
By Ashley M. on June 6, 2014
My cats are not that large, but there are four of them. After an adujustment or two, as the screws did loosen up at first--easy to tighten, I think it would be fine. They recommend affixing to wall, but I haven't as it's tucked in a fairly tight spot. I've been very pleased with it.
By Kindle Customer on June 8, 2014
I've got a pretty big cat, maybe 19 lbs and he loves the tree and spends a lot of time on the top.
By Jeff Curtis on June 6, 2014
Question:My one cat is 22 pounds...will this be okay for him?
Answer:I have two cats, 11 and 12 pounds, that jump on the Cat Tree at the same time. It is very sturdy, just screw the pieces together tightly when assembling. If the tree will sit on hardwood or tile, put a rubber shelf liner on the bottom so it does not slide. My only concern for a 22 pound cat is the size of the 3 upper platforms. My long 12 pound cat can curl up on the platform and still look comfortable. I have had my tree for almost 2 years and it still looks new. see less
By Spats on January 21, 2015
22lbs is a huge cat. I think it will support him but the platforms may be too small for him to enjoy as well as the "house" openings. My cats are only 1/2 that size and itʻs a cozy fit for them. I donʻt think I would recommend for such a large kitty
By Kano'eau on January 18, 2015
15 cats went thru some awful brands that collapsed had this one 3/4 yrs STILL good with all these cats some VERY Heavy !no other brand for this rescue home!❤
By Mary M. on December 2, 2018
I think this would be fine for your 22 pound cat. My cat loves it and he is a hefty cat. Seems to be really sturdy. I bought another cat tree for my other cat and it wobbles. This one by far is better.
By Diana Strandgard on January 18, 2015
It should be. It's a very well constructed cat tree. I have 3 cats who spend most of their time on it and it's taken all their abuse in stride!!
By molsongrrrl on January 18, 2015
Question:How dark is the color? The description says it is beige but it looks more goldenrod, which I don't care for. Thanks.
Answer:No. It's beige. definitely not as dark as goldenrod. In fact its pretty light in color!!
By anthony on February 22, 2015
It's actually a very light cream color. Light beige, I guess you could say.
By Robyn on February 22, 2015
The model I ordered was not golden rod...more a med to med dark beige....we have 4 cats...it's working quite well
By JJD on February 22, 2015
I'm not sure about hues/shades, but it's a light "sand" sort of tan/beige color.
By Heather Bree Thatcher on February 22, 2015
It's very beige :) My cats just love the color...
By Neverawin on February 23, 2015
It's more beige than goldenrod!
By GorillaToyz on February 22, 2015
Color is off white
By Monica Pumel on February 23, 2015
Question:Has anyone found a good way to remove stains on this cat tree?
Answer:The boxes and platforms are covered with synthetic (probably polyester or a poly-blend) fleece. If the stains are cat pee, you will need to use a cat urine stain remover. Else, use ordinary detergent dissolved in cool water, applied with a brush, rinsed with clean water, blotted, and left to dry. Ordinary laundry stain remover products could be used to pre-treat the area.
As the tree is made of wood, which will swell if you leave water to soak in, it would be important to work in small areas, use as little water as possible, and thoroughly blot the area dry. see less
By E. S. Graham on May 1, 2014
I don't have any stains on mine, so no, I don't.
By Carla West on May 1, 2014
Question:Which Is thicker faux fur or faux fleece
Answer:The tree has faux fur. I have never seen faux fleece, so I do not know which is thicker.
By eb on July 20, 2016
I think that faux fur is softer and thicker than the fleece. I bought this cat tree after looking at hundreds of them and all the reviews. Love it and so do my two 3 month old Persian kittens. They do kind of pull out fibers with their claws when they climb on it, but that is just to be expected with any material. … see more
By Kathy L. Howell on July 20, 2016
I am not sure which is thicker. I can tell you that I am very happy with the materials used in this cat tree. It looks nice and is holding up well.
By Brandee Coltharp on July 20, 2016
I would think Fleece but guess it depends on who makes it. I prefer fleece coverings for my cat item covering.
By Linda W. Phillips on July 23, 2016
It depends on the manufacturer. Either can be thicker.
By Lynnette on July 20, 2016
Question:Can it be used outdoors?
Answer:No it can't. Strong winds would break it down in a short period. It also doesn't have outdoor carpet. So the rain would most likely soak the carpet and root the wood.
By Anthony Holland on October 9, 2015
No. The materials used in the tree are best kept indoors away from water and swarms of termites.
By Amita on October 9, 2015
No, it's for indoor use. It has a soft carpet over it which wouldn't hold up. It's really pretty but big.
By Julia M. Fletcher on October 9, 2015
Not if it gets wet. It's made with partical board covered in carpet. I love mine, and my cats do too!
By Terri M Houston on October 9, 2015
Carpeted covered. Would have to stay dry and base would have to be secured.
By Catherine A. Lunsford on October 9, 2015
Sure, but please be careful not to get it wet.
By Main Line Product SELLER  on October 9, 2015
Question:On the A7101 what are the dimensions (including the opening) of the open barrel/cylinder/tunnel?
Answer:Hi,
The dimension of the tunnel (part H) is 10''(length)x9''(diameter).
Thank you.
Julia. see less
By armarkat SELLER  on December 21, 2016

Question:Are the houses on this tree big enough for a medium to large size cat?
Answer:Dear client,

The house size on this tree is 19"(L)X14"(W)X12"(H), usually it is enough for a medium cat. Before you purchase,
please kindly check your cat size if suitable, thank you.

Best Regards
Cindy see less
By armarkat SELLER  on September 25, 2017
I have 2 cats, one is 8 lbs the other is 16 lbs (very long and leggy like a cheetah, well, a cheetah with a big belly) The 8lb-er fits in the box portion very easily. The big boy fits in it, but he really is crammed into it, though he seems to enjoy stuffing himself in there. The thing is very sturdy, and my two cats love it. Neither uses the little hammock part, nor cares about the rope - but they both love the thing and are on it multiple times a day. They chase each other up and down it, sleep on it, scratch on it. Out of all the cat towers I've owned in 20 years, it's the best. I'm even thinking of getting one as a "spare" next time it goes on sale. The beige cream color is good, sort of blends into the background. It was about $80 when I got it, and worth every penny. see less
By Sarah on September 23, 2017
A Medium size cat, not too large. does have a tendency to wobble a bit when cat is jumping down.
By Gretchen Ingledue on September 24, 2017
Yes. Our cat is nearly 16 pounds. They are large and very sturdy. I'm buying another for the kitten we just got so he can have his own space. For now the two share the one.
By Kevin Holland on September 23, 2017
Yes. But my Maine coon loves sleeping up top.
By Amazon Customer on September 25, 2017
Question:Is this item assembled?
Answer:No, it doesnt come assembled. It's very easy to put together though. Our cat loves it!!
By Jeanette Gockley on January 10, 2019
No. But it is easy to assemble.
By Judy on January 10, 2019
It is not assembled however it is very easy to put together.
By Gosia M. on January 10, 2019
No. But it takes about 30 mins to hour depending on your cat. As soon as we started with first piece out of box he was already playing on it.
By Andrannette Green-Bahar on January 14, 2019
Question:I would like the bottom of the platforms/condos to fully carpeted so I don't see the carpet edge underneath. Are they, or can you see the boards?
Answer:I can't see the boards. It's very well made and sturdy enough for our large cat.
By Liska on December 20, 2015
Nope, the board on the bottom part isn't visible at all. Hope this helps.
By A seller SELLER  on December 20, 2015
