About this item
72" Classic Cat Tree
Color: Beige
This cat tree is made from highly durable compressed wood and wrapped with high quality faux fur finish to keep your cats warm and cozy. Multiple scratching posts that are covered by natural sisal ropes and posts are also perfect for your cats to scratch, climb, play and be active.
All cats need a healthy balance of play and rest. With it's many fun holes, ropes, and jumps, this cat tree will be sure to enable your cat to play while also ensuring your cat's rest because of the numerous comfortable nests along the tree.
Question:My cat is a fatty (17lbs). He also thinks he is a gymnast (launches himself off of...everything). Will fattycat gymnastics be an issue?
Answer:My cat is 14lbs, but he is also nicknamed the feline cannonball for his ability to launch himself at things (and me) with an insane amount of force. He has yet to damage this tree and it doesn't feel like he will. I did make sure that none of the parts were damaged before assembling and was careful not to damage the th… see more
By Skizzard on July 14, 2019
We have 8 cats - the smallest is 8 pounds, & two are 20 pounds. We’re getting ready to buy another of these trees because after about two and a half years it’s about worn out. It has survived constant gymnastics by all the kitties and has never tipped nor broken. The kitties love to scratch the posts, and eventually th… see more
By Christine Harris on November 30, 2019
I have had this for years and never had one break off. It survived 8 various sized kittens and cats who , when we opened the sun room door , would run clear from one end of the house to it, launch themselves through the air and hang from the top. I believe that if you periodically tighten the bolts and check for loosen… see more
By Deb on June 9, 2017
I have 5 cats using this tree, including a few over 17 pounds. They jump onto this thing and have even had two cats at once on the top perch. I have not had any issues with breakage and have actually been surprised how well its held up to the abuse our cats give it.
By W. Harris on February 20, 2015
I have two Maine Coon cats, both 1 year 5 months old, each around 19-22lbs. They have managed to snap on of the upper platforms off. Happened when car leaped from one to the other. Dropped four feet tangled wth platform, happily not harmed. i built a stainless steel wire shelf cat tree for them.
By Gene Walklin on February 20, 2015
Literally, the same issue as the fella Thomas Fox. This JUST happened to one of my cats, I was so livid I was looking at how to contact the seller/mfr.. this is DANGEROUS!! Will Neverrrrrrrr purchase this brand again!
By JB on July 24, 2016
Question:Can someone who owns the tree could confirm that if it is really 50-inch wide (including the space that the ramp takes)? Or is it less than that? TY!
Answer:The base measures 24" x 28", the widest area of the tree measures 24" x 34.5", since the bottom hideaway house sticks out over the base. The ramp to the bottom house adds 10" depending on what side of the house you place the ramp, as there are two entries. So I say it is possible that the tree can occupy maximum of 45"… see more
By shopsandcoupons on February 13, 2014
my tree at the base is 42 inches but the top part with the two stand go out a little more about 3 inches. my cats dont use the bottom ramp so if space is an issue you could leave it off. hope this helps. by the way my cats just love it. if you leave off the ramp you will gain another 14 inches.
By Donna Alexander on February 13, 2014
The ramp has a little angle bracket. If you mount it one way it's a little wider than the other way. Mine, as assembled, takes up 39" of floor space, but the lowest shelf sticks out another 7".
By BigD on February 12, 2014
The base alone is 28" and the ramp extends to 44 1/2. You do not have to attach the ramp if you don't have room. My cats don't even use it. It has a pretty compact footprint if you don't use the ramp, and it is stable. I don't think you would have a stability issue without the ramp.
By Erin Bradley on February 13, 2014
Yes! It has a very sturdy base that’s big and sits well against a wall. I have an 16ibs cat and a maincoon who jumps all over the place and this tree hasn’t so much as tipped. I’ve owned it for 5 years and it’s still holding up great! IMO just get it. You won’t regret it!
By Mother Of Cats on December 24, 2017
Mine is 45inches wide
By GP on February 12, 2014
Question:Did any of your cats actually used the ladder?
Answer:Yes, my part-Siamese cat -- the smallest and most delicate of my four female cats -- uses the ladders all the time. She's also the only one who uses the top perch, so it's not that she's afraid of jumping. It's just her preferred style. It's possible she may not have even begun to use the tree without the ladders being there. As the smallest and most vulnerable of my cats, she lives a more cautious life. see less
By ALW on September 4, 2017
My kitten uses the bottom ladder the most out of all the ladders, but only if he is going to sleep in the bottom box. My two cats, as well as my kitten mostly just jump from level to level. They sometimes use the top ladder to go up or down, but then they mostly just jump down to the floor. It does not effect the use of the tree though, they love it! see less
By Record Lovin' Rena on December 4, 2013
Helga, we have 2 cats. One is brave and the other a little skittish. The skittish one took to this tree immediately. She goes quickly up to the top and because she is a little hefty, the tree shakes slightly. She just loves this tree and spends entire days sleeping on the top post. I have to say that I have not seen either cat actually use the ladder, but they are still pretty young and agile. The tree is very sturdy, and we have had no problems with it at all. The other cat (the brave one) is a bit reluctant to go up on the tree because her sister is very territorial about it. I hope this helps. I had reservations when I purchased this as well. I've spent lots of money on cat toys and they end up playing with paper bags, but this is one thing well worth the money. see less
By Claire L. on December 5, 2013
Nope. I have three cats. The oldest is 15. Not one of them used either ladder so I just removed them. If they need them later on I can always reattach them.
By Krim on September 26, 2016
I have six cats, two of my cats use the ladder at the top. The rest don't use the ladders, but one is over ten years old, so I wanted the ladders just in case he needs them in the future.
By Lisa P. on May 6, 2014
My kitten uses both the ladders on the way up, but only the top one on the way down and then leaps to the floor. The ladders are probably more for energetic cats that want to take the express route up and down the tree.
By Kristen H. on October 6, 2014
Question:How durable is this product?
Answer:This is very durable. Make sure everything is screwed in tight. Very easy to assemble. I have stood on it sat on it and climbed to the top and I weight 130lbs my cat is 12lbs and he jumps all over it
By Brittney on April 16, 2014
Durable for a while, but not very well made. Also the material is cheap and not made out of carpet like most. I would never buy one from them again.
By Smooth on November 30, 2015
Extremely durable. I have two overweight cats that are on it constantly and 2 kids that jump all over it too. It's held up very nicely!
By cbotsolas on April 16, 2014
VERY.. i was worried about that but then i realized people were lettin kids and dogs on it!?!
Ive had it four years with 3-15+lb cats.. they love it.. in fact since we just acquired my stepdads 2 cats ive bought a second one for their downstairs apt.
Since they are seniors i left off the left two high towers ( … see more
By MeoWon February 10, 2018
My tree lasted about 4 years, by then the top perches broke off. Over time some screws loosen and you can not get to all of them to tighten unless you take the whole thing apart. As the screws loosen the upper perches loose support and sway when jumped on. So it is no surprise that the upper arms break off. The metal s… see more
By Chex06 on June 18, 2019
I would say Highly Durable. Mainly because one of our cats LOVES to claw and climb, and only in the past 2-3 months was able to finally tear apart the scratching posts... of which they are easy to repair. I have had the tower well over a year now
By Morganna on April 16, 2014
Question:what are the posts made of?
Answer:all the post seem to be a very heavy type cardboard but wrapped well with sisal, but it is not covered in real carpet it is a thinner plush ...BUT all my 6 cats LOVE it. It is one of 3 cat trees I have and it always has someone in it.
By Rose on June 20, 2014
The posts are heavy cardboard tubes with plastic inserts with attached bolts for screwing the parts together. The posts are wrapped with thin sisal rope. The rest of the tower is covered in faux fur.
By R. Hanley on August 2, 2015
They are very thin cardboard tubes wrapped in sisal. All of the towers on mine broke and the rope came off the others and the cats easily scratched through the thin cardboard underneath. If I were to get another one, I would take the rope off the tubes and put one of those newspaper roll tubes (get them from the newspaper office) over them before I put it together. And I might do that because my cats just loved it before it fell apart. see less
By FrancieG on March 17, 2016
It's either heavy duty cardboard or wood wrapped in twine. It seems pretty durable.
By jennnifer clark on June 24, 2014
Heavy cardboard tubes, wrapped in sisal rope and capped in plastic on each side.
By Smooth on November 30, 2015
Question:Are Go Pet Club cat tree condos and products American made?
Answer:Made in China
By Cindy Blue on March 29, 2013
Question:Is there any way to purchase a single platform from the company (the top-most one broke off the 2nd day my cats used it)?
Answer:I have 20 lb, 15 lb, and 7 lb cats who chase each other up and down mine and no platform has ever broken. There must of been a defect when you received it. I would contact www.gopetclub.com for more information on how to resolve this issue!
By Karen Helser on March 30, 2014
as per "Go Pet Club"
Hello,

Please have the customer email us directly at info@gopetclub.com for purchase of replacement parts. Let them know they need to include their model number, F2040 Beige.

Thanks.
Thanks,
Customer Service
Go Pet Club LLC.
www.gopetclub.com
By Ted Jackson on March 31, 2014
I agree with Karen. I would call the company by phone if possible and tell them what happened. I feel that they would send you the part that was obviously defective. I have had my kitty castle for about 2 months without any problems. My cat loves it. He has slept and played on all levels and enclosures.
By Arthur on March 31, 2014
That's a very good question and I wondered about it myself. You can contact the manufacturer through Amazon under Your Orders.
By Dee Dee on April 1, 2014
Replacement part ordering info here: http://www.gopetclub.com/faq
By Oscar on April 23, 2016
Question:What is the diameter of the cats beds?
Answer:18 inches x 18 inches approximately
By A seller SELLER  on July 24, 2016
Size of Condo 1 : 20"W x 15"L x 11.5"H. Size of Condo 2 : 15"W x 12"L x 10"H
By stephanie on July 23, 2016
