About this item
52 High Beige Cat Tree
Posts covered by natural sisal rope. Covering Material : Faux Fur. Board Material : Pressed Wood
For medium size cat
Assembly instruction and tools included
* Overall Size : 21"W x 21"L x 52"H * Base Board Size : 19"W x 19"L * Size of Condo : 12"W x 12"L x 10"H * Top of 2 Perches : 11.25" Dia * Number of Ladder : 1
Question:My cat is about 17lbs. Is this too small for him or would he be able to fit on those platforms?
Answer:I have a 16 pound maine coon boy. This is really too small for him ( of course he is the one who most wants to use it). The ladder leads up, and into the cubby box, which is very small, with small openings. He cannot fit into it, he can sense it is too small. Technically going through the cubby is how the cat is s… see more
By Dela on December 21, 2014
I just assembled this for my 12lb cat. He can not even fit his shoulders through the enclosure opening and the disks are so small there is barely enough room for his butt - lying down is out of the question. Too expense to ship back - I am donating this to the locate cat shelter. I would say this is fine for a cat … see more
By AMC Volunteer on February 1, 2017
I bought it for my daughters 4 pound 9 week old kitten. We have never had cats, just dogs. My 12 pound dog would fit. It is solid, and not wobbly, so I assume the weight would not be a problem. The value price on this is incredible, but as for that large a cat fitting, won't be able to lay down
By Dobe Lover on October 6, 2014
Our cat is 10lbs. and can make it on the inside part with little extra space to spare. She usually stays on the platforms. A 17lbs. cat is much to large for this cat tree unfortunately.
By Jeremiah on October 6, 2014
The platforms do seem small. My cat is about 14 pounds and she maneuvers fine with some room to spare . I also have an 8 month old kitten that is about 8 pounds and the bigger cat seems to enjoy the thing a lot more than the kitten.
By MichiganderMom on October 6, 2014
I have long haired cat, about 15lbs, and its enough room for him to sit but he never lays down on it. He likes to stretch out and wouldn't fit on any of the platforms.
By Katie on October 7, 2014
Question:Is this made well? Also is it sturdy and not wobbly?
Answer:It is very sturdy. The first time I put it together, it was wobbly. So I went through and tightened everything and now it does not wobble, even at the very top. My cat is 9.5 lbs.
By Sara Meyers on November 29, 2019
Its a bit wobbly for my boy, he's just about a year old and about 10.5 pounds and when he climbs the tree it does quiver. I trust that the base is wide enough to keep it from ever tipping over, but it is not as sturdy as i would like.
By Hannah Filip on June 20, 2014
I would consider it well made but it is small. I run a cat rescue and I needed one for a smaller area so it's perfect for that. The little house area is big enough for one adult cat to curl up in. I frequently have one or two adults and a few kittens playing on it. It couldn't handle more than that at one time. Also, I know that if I put it in my main cat area, it wouldn't last long, as too many adults would try to use it at the same time. I'm planning on ordering another one for my mother who just has two cats. see less
By Marty Lyons on June 20, 2014
On one that I have that is similiar, I put a weight on the bottom to make it more stable. I got three stepping stones and wrapped them in a mathchting color towel to the base.
By Raxx on May 7, 2018
Question:has anyone know what to use to make it so it'snot so wobbly?
Answer:I have the same one and it is not wobbly at all but then again my cats are still kittens and do not weigh a lot yet.
By DIANNE on January 5, 2017
It may be difficult to do with the tubes, but even if you need to get a 2x4 or better still a 4x4 the exact length from the bottom base to the middle OR take two of the and on the back side have them run from the floor to the top of the second level... L-brackets were what I used, after a lot of regular houses were shaky despite good materials, I got for my indestructible mega house when I built it from scratch... They are very cheap and will securely hold a middle plank between the bottom (cut some carpet so it is always wood touching wood!) and middle-they attach to the 2x4/4x4 (mine has two 4x4s on the back from the floor to the roof and another from the base to the second level, the others 2x4 and the bottom having some extra staircase style beams to reinforce the second level without wasting space)... All have brackets, the roof ones the trickiest since I had to squeeze some smaller ones into v's... The big ones I got have a curved in middle to strengthen them; the top are literally just an L with holes in them...for your purpose any would help. If there is a wooden beam inside the cardboard you can access, it can be reinforced...if it is cardboard, honestly, I would rather rip those out and replace them-wrap the jute around a wood beam instead of risking a lethal accident. The force of a tiny cat can be immense; I had to scrap an all-wood one after a few years JUST because the 7lb feline was so powerful that it made the screws less and less secure-deck screws... The plywood can only do so well with critters flying up and down from all sides! see less
By LB on February 9, 2018
Mine isn't wobbly. Not sure if you mean the pieces themselves or the whole thing when the cat gets on it. If it wobbles when the cat gets on maybe anchor it to the wall like you would a dresser so it doesn't tip?
By Amazon Customer on January 5, 2017
If you mean the individual parts are wobbly, you may need to tighten it up.
The tubes screw together, and you have to make sure they are all screwed on tightly.
Also, because it is wood and cardboard tubes, even if it was tight the materials might shrink some and need to be retightened after some period of time.
If you leave it loose the plastic caps on the ends of each tube that hold the nuts and bolts can break.
Like anything which is constructed, it must be assembled tightly to be strong and it must be checked and maintained periodically.
It can be tricky...too tight and the plastic inserts will break from that. see less
By nicholas mcginley on October 12, 2017
Initially was a little wobbly so I went back and tightened up the screws and is fine now.
By Kindle Customer on January 22, 2018
I tried a few weights on the base but she jumps up to have her food on the first platform and I didn't want it to go flying so I just screwed it into the floor through the carpet. The screws don't show and it is really secure now.
By Pam Free on May 20, 2019
Add a weight to the bottom. I did stepping stones wrapped in a matching color towel and reguarly tighten the screws every week or so when I vaccum it
By Raxx on May 7, 2018
Question:can we ignore a part while assembling to make it shorter? or we have to keep whole?
Answer:I'm not sure but it isn't as tall as it looks.Maybe 4'high
By SocialCat on February 26, 2016
Depends on the part; if you mean just the top tier, it will probably be OK. Otherwise, the pieces are pretty connected and needed for structural integrity.
By Charlie on February 23, 2016
We found that it is a lot more stable if you use all the parts including the steps.
By Kindle Customer on February 23, 2016
You can leave things off the two top platforms. just attach differently.
By Garry L. Summers on February 23, 2016
Question:Has anyone's cat ever used the ladder? Mine really isn't much of a jumper, and she may actually need to use it.
Answer:My cat has used the ladder occasionally. He prefers to jump though. He will sometimes use the ladder if he is getting a toy out of his house.
By Austin Fiona Fleming on October 3, 2016
We have the ladder installed, but our cat doesn't use it. But it isn't steady...it twists because it is only screwed on by one screw. Other than that, our cat likes it.
By Amy on October 2, 2016
Yes, he uses it all the time. He loves it. He plays ao hard he falls off then jumps right back on. Try putting some treats on it, maybe that will get him on it
By nancy on October 2, 2016
Question:hOW WIDE IS IT? How longdoes it tae assemly?
Answer:Without Measuring I'd Say 2' X 2' Max, Not Including The Ramp Which Doesn't HAVE to Be Attached.
The Assembly Was Ridiculously Easy. Maybe 30 Minutes To Put Together. Its Pretty Awesome For The Price And Mt Car Loves It
By thepurpleme on December 12, 2013
20"x 20" -- about 30 minutes to assemble
By Kitty Towery on December 11, 2013
Question:will a very active 8 weeks kitten enjoy This? (please try to answer From a very active 8 week kittens point of veiw)
Answer:Can't say if a cat is going to enjoy something or not. I can say...a 4 or 5 lb cat will not tip this thing over. And, a four or five or six lb cat should be able to fit inside the cubby hole very easily.
By mike on July 25, 2017
Yes very much, my kitten is 9 weeks old and loves it, and its saving my couch!
By Tim on July 19, 2017
I have a senior cat and he scratches it and I have a two year old cat who seems to like it a lot. I think an eight week old little guy wood like it just fine once he/ she figured out what is for lol 😉
By Idaho girl on July 19, 2017
Yes my cat loves it he is about 4 or 5 months
By Matt Foxcroft on July 19, 2017
Meow, meow, meow!!!
By Dufus on November 28, 2017
Question:How many scratch posts does this piece have?
Answer:The lighter areas you see around all the circular posts - that's all the scratching area. The upper ones my cat doesn't use very often mainly the bottom.
By Victoria Reed on August 29, 2017
There are 5. Each post you see is a scratching post.
By Elaine on August 29, 2017
It has 3 scratch posts. It is holding up quite well.
By Kindle Customer on August 29, 2017
3 on the bottom and 2 on the top.
By Amazon Customer on August 28, 2017
5. Same as the picture
By Amazon Customer on August 28, 2017
5
By Danielle Stubblefield on August 28, 2017
Question:where can we order new scratching posts?
Answer:Check the website
By Pegasus on March 12, 2019
Question:Do you sell just the scratching posts? My cats love this cat tree but the posts are tore up
Answer:I had the same question. I contacted the vendor, and they said they only sell the whole package. What a waste to buy an entire new condo. I hope they change/changed their policy.
By jam Top Contributor: Makeup on September 12, 2021
Question:will this be enough room for two ragdolls?
Answer:This unit was impressive, for the price. Easy set up. The platforms are a little small, I didn't think my av size cats would perch/rest there, but they do. Ragdolls, maybe not. The "ramp" is really un use able. I am planning to attach a cat bed with sides to one of the two platforms. Sprinkle a little catnip, and they love it!
By dsf on May 10, 2017
think so if the ragdolls cats are good at sharing
By Zaijun on July 18, 2017
My kitten is about 10 pounds right now and she plays and plays with this. 2 could like play comfortably on this as well.👍
By Leanne Marshall on May 7, 2017
I have 3 cats, basically adult cats that are small, medium and large sized and they share this Cat tree. They will lay on different levels at the same time but none of them seem to go into the little hole (cave, house, whatever it's called). I just sprinkled some catnip all over the tree and all three were climbing all over it within minutes of putting it up. I also placed it near a window so they love being able to lay on it to look out the window. see less
By Timothy J. Horneman on May 7, 2017
I would say yes the top two flat circular pieces are about the size of a paper plates so about 10 inches around.
By dana on May 7, 2017
if they are smaller than normal cats
By Loretta D on May 7, 2017
Question:does this thing stink like chinese solvent or glue
Answer:No, it does not. I know what your talking about, because I had a laptop bag, that still smells like that. I could never use it.
By Steph on February 22, 2017
No it does not, and I have a sensitive nose.
By Amazon Customer on February 24, 2017
We have not noticed a smell.
By Gerald Barkley on February 22, 2017
Not the one that I got! It didn't really have any smell to it
By Alicia D. on February 22, 2017
I didn't notice a smell at all when I first got it.
By schpookendike on February 22, 2017
Yes, just got mine, It has definite chemical smell
By Bob. Renzas on November 30, 2019
