About this item
Color Beige Overall Size 38-inch W/30-inch L/55-inch H
Included components: hardware kit, assembly instructions
Package Weight: 16.738 kilograms
Age range description: All Life Stages
Question:What is the size of the box with the hole?
Answer:I would say about 20" x 20", the whole is maybe 10" wide, my big cat has a little hard time to fit in, for my smaller one its perfect
By Gerlinde Dechat on November 22, 2013
The measurements are given in the description but if that doesn't help I can tell you that my 17 pound cat can fit in it, turn around, and has room to spare. I hope that helps a little. As for the tube attached to the bottom, it is large enough around for the cats to fit through but very short across only a few inches. None of them ever play with it. see less
By Amber W. on November 21, 2013
Question:I have two cats-13 lb and 20 lb. Would this be big enough for them or what would be?
Answer:I have a 15 and 20 pound cat, they fit in it fine. The 20 pound cat loves to sit inside the middle part. Hope this helps
By Derrick P. on June 11, 2013
I do not recommend this model for medium or larger cats. My heaviest cat is under 11 lbs. It lasted 6 months and one of the posts snapped off, making a huge crash. Cats are okay but this model is not good quality.
By gadget gal on November 20, 2015
2 of my cats are in the same range. My larger cat overlaps his preferred bed. Mine use it to sleep on - no rough play at the moment but the base is big enough to be sturdy.
By Elizabeth Etzel on June 11, 2013
Hi Jean-Maybe if the cats were on one at a time. My cat is 11 pounds, and does sleep in the "house" area and lays on the middle level. I would think your 13 pounder would fit in the house. The two top beds are good size for a curled up cat. Mine does not go on those levels at all for some reason. The bottom is good size, even for a larger cat. Good luck! Vicki see less
By Vicki on June 12, 2013
I only have one cat about 13 lbs and there would be enough room for 2. the only problem I have is that my cat doesn't use the round tubular thing under the platform
By Janice L. on June 11, 2013
Jean, I think this should be good for 2 cats. Although I only have one, the tower seems too much for just him sometimes.
By momenterralee on June 11, 2013
Question:What is the diameter of the two cat beds at the top?
Answer:The beds are indeed 13". There is about 1/2" of foam padding all the way around too which makes it look more like 14".
By NASCAR24208 on November 21, 2013
The beds are indeed 13". There is about 1/2" of foam padding all the way around too which makes it look more like 14".
By NASCAR24208 on November 21, 2013
Dixie- I'm not at my house right now but I think I could safely estimate 12 inches. This structure is so much sturdier than the one it replaced. I felt the cost was very fair for the quality. Oh, and I don't work for the company! Ha
By Patti on November 21, 2013
They are 13 inches
By Napamike on November 21, 2013
They are 13 inches
By lmp on November 21, 2013
1 foot
By Rita on November 21, 2013
Question:The 3 "branches" with the hanging balls - are they rigid or bendable? Would you think it could be a risk for them to jump into and get hurt? Can the branch things be left off without adversely affecting the rest?
Answer:They are bendable. The cats are smart enough not to jump onto them, so I'm not sure why you're concerned. If you're afraid of it, you can just not install it to begin with, it screws on. The biggest safety issue with this unit is the support posts are cardboard tubes that are not securely attached to their screw-on bases. They become wobbly over time, then fall down. If you over-tighten them, you will snap the plastic base and it'll fall off as well. Mine lasted 6 months with an under 11 lb. cat. It looks horrible, the fabric tears with one good swipe of a claw. Junk. see less
By gadget gal on December 6, 2015
The three branches are flexible. My cats sit on top of that corner cubby (if that's what you want to call it) and reach to play with the balls, which have bells in them. My cats play pretty rough and I've never had a problem with them jumping into that area. The two beds and the branch piece screwed into a double sided… see more
By Dee on January 21, 2014
As my kittens are getting older and longer they are starting to use the balls hanging from the post. The posts are flexible. They are not at such a height that a kitten is likely to get injured falling from the platform. My cats are also starting to use the upper scratching post and sleep on the upper platforms.
By Doc T on January 21, 2014
Rigid , could get hurt you would have to cut off with a saw?
By The Light on January 21, 2014
Well I sent mine back as they hated the fabric on the post. It is not carpet and it had a smell to it they did not like. Would not go on it. They are ridged and my cats are active. I have one that is much smaller than this and no problems. I would say go for one with carpet.
By Karla Erickson on January 21, 2014
Question:what is the weight limit?
Answer:It did not give a weight limit but our cat weighs 3 lbs. and I had to retighten it after she used it for two months. The base is pretty sturdy so if your cat weighs less than 8 pounds it should be ok.
By Bill S. on January 18, 2015
My two cats weight about 12 lbs together and like to sleep on the top nest together. After about almost three months of usage, the bed is starting to tilt. Also, the base is a little small for two cats to play on.
By MC on January 19, 2015
Don't know really...I have 2 young cats that hang out together in the top nest together ...most likely they weigh 15 pounds together. Cat DOES have to be rather athletic to get to the top so if they are lazy it might be too high!
By yardsalr on January 18, 2015
Question:Would this be a good cat tree for an american shorthair kitten?
Answer:Yes, it would be good for a kitten, not good at all for an adult cat.
By Adriana on April 28, 2015
This would be an excellent choice for your kitten. We actually got it when one of our cats was a kitten. I guess he still is a kitten, he's only 5 months but he is huge because he's a Maine Coon. We also have an adult Maine Coon and a domestic shorthair. It's very sturdy. All three of them are always on it together. It's great because when he was a kitten, he would crawl up the little ramp. see less
By Holly LaBranche on April 28, 2015
I don't see why not! It's large enough that my large cat loves it and can fit in the beds, so your kitten would be able to grow into it and have fun in the meantime. It's not overwhelmingly large for a kitten to handle. What specifically are you concerned about..?
By Sara P. on April 28, 2015
It would be fine, however I do not recommend this cat tree as less than a year later my carpet is all off because it's so cheap.
By nosillap on April 28, 2015
My cat (almost a year old now) has ripped off one of the dangle balls. We tied a new dangle ball on, which works fine, except he's determined to bungee jump with them & its only a matter of time, before they are all replacement dangle balls. We have had this tree since late February & this thing has done nothing but boost his ability to channel his feral inner-kitty since literally the moment assembly began. Totally worth every cent, for that alone. The cubby in the middle doubles as a toy box, when you find all their forgotten dingle balls under the couch. My older cat (approx. 10 human years) thoroughly enjoys every level, as well, just with a little more couth. see less
By Tamara Hill on April 28, 2015
Yes. My cat is an American shorthair. She loves this. Lays on the top perch all the time!
By Lenzi on April 29, 2015
Question:What is the height from the base to the bottom of the house? Is it tall enough for a grown cat to stretch up and claw on the post, stretching?
Answer:About 19". My cat is 1 1/2 yrs old an she uses all 5 of the scratching surfaces. She prefers the front right post. Before I bought this, she was using my carpet.
By Tee on June 21, 2014
If I understand what you are asking, it is 20" from the base to the "landing" that the box with the hole in it sits. None of my cats can scratch on the post beside the box from the base, it is too tall for them. I found that each of the scratching post sections are just about right for grown cats to use. It is a little wobblie on the top perch, but I solved that by putting the cat tree against the wall with the perch touching the wall. That stabilizes the perch. All three of my cats love this cat tree. They each use it differently, but they can all be found on it at one time or another during the day. see less
By Amazon Customer on June 21, 2014
It's about 18 inches from the floor to the bottom of the house. My cats don't do much with the circular hanging thing under the house, but they are tearing this thing up! They are even playing with the toys (which I didn't think they would) and sleep all over it. On top of the house is a favorite spot.
By gnaka on June 23, 2014
Me have a Maine Coon Cat that measures three feet from nose to tip of tail and this structure works great.
By Bill E. on June 21, 2014
Its about two feet maybe a little more its big enough for a grown cat, its fairly large. but my cat loves it, like its her own but she never uses the scratching parts on it at all, my cat was older when she got it so she doesn't know theres scratchers on it, a kitten probably would though, i recommend this one because its really high quality, for the price. see less
By lorafromcams on June 20, 2014
Question:My american shorthair kitten doesn't use this tree much. How do i get her more interested in this vs my furniture?
Answer:My kitten still scratches my couch too, but my kitten likes to crawl and scratch everything including crawling up the screens on my windows. You might try sprinkling some cat nip on it.
By Dawn Guritzky on July 21, 2015
Catnip! I put a little in the perches and on the toys and now she never gets off the tree (even when there's no catnip on it).
By Connor on July 21, 2015
Play with your kitten on the post. Make sure the post is sturdy. As a groomer and cat rescuer make sure you also cut your kitties nails about once a month to save your furniture and cat post. Keep trying most kitties love playing and sleeping on a nice cat post. Some kittens just need time. However, remember that most kitties love all the furniture in the house so if your goal for the cat post is to keep the baby off the rest of the furniture that may or may not happen. Good luck and welcome to being owned by a cat! see less
By SpiritWolf on July 21, 2015
Any time you find your kitty scratching furniture, firmly tell them NO, and place them on the tree and tell them what a good baby they are. There are also many products designed to stop furniture scratching that you can use to discourage the NO areas. Some cats do not react to Catnip, so for them put reward treats on the tree to encourage climbing. I know when I shake the treat can, my kitty comes running.....so get their attention and then place the treats and praise your baby while on the tree..... see less
By D. Ross on January 23, 2017
Try sprinkling some cat nip on it. It took my two cats awhile to get used to it.
By Michele Barczykowski on July 21, 2015
Give it time.
By Kathy Davidson on July 22, 2015
Question:They kitty towers are super wobbly, is there a fix for that?
Answer:I purchased two of these; one for my big boy and one for my granddaughters two big kitties. Once all the legs were tightened, there were no problems and the kitties love their perch to play on and sleep on as well.
By Amazon Customer on November 21, 2015
Maybe use the Allen wrench provided to make it more sturdy. I tightened them well and I've had no problem with the sturdiness of this cat tower.
By K. Hammelman on November 21, 2015
We would suggest contacting the manufacturer directly to verify.
By StateLineTack SELLER  on November 21, 2015
Question:What is the return policy for this item?
Answer:I don't know. We have never had a problem and this is the second one we bought.
By shedgecock on October 31, 2017
Question:Is it easy to put together?
Answer:Yes very easy to put together. Absolutely love it great buy!
By Amazon Customer on October 11, 2016
It was! The kitties helped Daddy and played in the box. It was done in less than an hour. My kitties use it daily.
By sasbusgal on October 12, 2016
It's not difficult if you have a reasonable level of "construction" knowledge. The printed directions are probably average in terms of "Made in China, translated into English" and it will take you about half an hour. There are a few places where it's very helpful to have a second human to assist.
By HolyGrail on October 8, 2016
Yes, my dad and brother put it together in less than thirty minutes.
By Amanda on October 8, 2016
yes, it is and my cats love it
By laurie dunn on October 9, 2016
Yes, but it is not as sturdy as other designs.
By Mark Miller on October 8, 2016
Question:Is this shipped in a box that says Amazon on it? I want it to be a surprise for someone with their first kitty.
Answer:Yes...the box clearly says amazon prime right on it..along with a description of the item... this was the best investment! My daughter's kitten loves it!!!
By cheryl pennock on February 3, 2015
I can't say 100% but I'm pretty sure the box didn't say amazon on it. I think you have the option to check that the item you are sending is a gift as well.
By nikki907 on February 3, 2015
No, it says go pet club on the box. The box itself is huge. I bought this in December for my meow meows. They love it. Really sturdy product.
By Nicole K on February 3, 2015
It is shipped in a large box that says Go Pet Club all over it.
By Theresa Stillion on February 3, 2015
When I think about it I want to say no, but I can't be 100% sure. I know my cats love it.
By Amazon Customer on February 3, 2015
No it says cat condo but the fact that you sent it and the cat loves it should be enough!
By yardsalr on February 3, 2015

