About this item
The food tree cat toy has a new and improved design with increased stability
Interactive cat toy that stimulates cats to work for their food
Cat Feeder is made of BPA-free materials
Provides 3 difficulty levels to challenge your cat
Easy to disassemble and clean; simply disassemble the food bowl and handwash
For use with dry kibble and treats
Catit Senses 2.0 is a product line developed to activate your cat’s senses; Our cat toys encourage your cat to use sight, smell, taste, touch and hearing to stimulate their natural instincts indoors
Question:Would this be able to withstand a very tubby tabby, or could he just knock it over?
Answer:My cats aren't on the bigger side but I do have one that would knock over his other feeder so he could get fed through the day. We've had this one for a month and he cannot get it to tip over. He actually gets really frustrated that it just goes right back up.
By Kaylin O'Banion on December 7, 2015
I just got one for my 16 lb kitty. He's not tubby -- he has a big frame. He is very active and I was concerned about tipping over. However he's been fine with it. Once he knocked it over and then I moved it from hard wood floor to carpet where it has more resistance and he hasn't knocked it over since then. I've planned that if he does knock it over, I'll put some weight on the base, but that hasn't happened yet. He loves it. see less
By Marcia Goodman on December 7, 2015
put some xtra regular food in that she wont go after first like she would treats. Mine sometine knocks it over on purpose wont there is only2 or 3 treats, thats after getting treats out for days. Leave it out at night where you can hear it from your bedroom and you will hear the occassional treat dropping down levals from her playing too. WE LOVE IT !!! one of the best cat things i have ever bought!!!! see less
By Sandra P. on December 7, 2015
My mainecoon took one look at it and knocked it over- what a waste.. no weighted, easily toppled
By Amber H. on June 22, 2017
Ours only lasted 4 months. Our kitten liked to jump on top of the feeder when waiting for us to refill it and now he's about 8 lbs and the base of the feeder cracked and broke off. Catit doesn't sell a replacement for the feeder top and didn't offer to replace.
By Emoney on February 8, 2017
Question:My cat is missing claws on her front paws. Would she be able to scoop out treat?
Answer:Your kitty should have no problem. It's more like their paws are pushing out the kibble more than claws trying to hook it. They just reach in and sweep and the food falls. Or your cat may do what one of ours does - he jumps on top and rocks it for the treats to fall!
By mommydearestsoj on February 14, 2016
Yes. The toy has three levels each with a half dollar size hole in them. The cat will move the treat to the hole on each level until it reaches the reservoir-like base. From there my cats pick the treat out with their mouth but, no claws needed.
By JoshMile on February 14, 2016
Yes, the openings are large and she will be able to bat the food and pull it out or it will fall down the maze to the tray below. Claws not needed!!
By Michelle on February 13, 2016
All 8 of my cats are front declawed. When I filled the cat it food tree, they initially were pushing their noses into the openings and not sure what else to do. I gently put one of the cats paws into an opening, as they all what he'd, and they sat to watch. They soon all got it. Some pull the treats out of the hole. Others push them, watch them fall, layer, by layer, til they fall out of the bottom, and eat them.THEY LOVE IT!!! I highly recommend this item, and no there is no problem for cats without claws. As soon as they are given the chance to figure it out, they're hooked. I would recommend over filling it on all three layers to begin with so they can smell it better until they figure it out. see less
By Amazon Customer on February 13, 2016
NEVER declaw.. it's mutilation, and bad for cats long term. (Imagine if when you were young, your parents decided to have your fingers surgically removed)
By Logicus on January 20, 2022
What a sad thread of comments..
By Michelle Sarah K on October 23, 2016
Question:What size are the holes? I find that slow feeders are often too small for my polydactyl cat to get his oversized paws in.
Answer:Holes are plenty large for paws to get into. I love this item. It keeps my feline from gulping his food and gives him something rewarding to do to get it.
By Diana A. Stokes on December 15, 2015
I'd say about an inch and a half high... I have three cats and all of them use it just fine!
By Amanda Motl on December 14, 2015
They are 5.5 in x 1.5 in, so they are plenty large for obtaining the food.
By Diana A. Stokes on December 15, 2015
Question:Could it withstand a very tubby cat lying across it for a nap? I have steangw cats.
Answer:No. The green plastic is very brittle. My cat broke two of these by pushing on it.
By zachary b twining on June 3, 2018
Hi. I think so, but our 14 year old tubby cat just puts her paw on the top and shakes it to get stuff out. Still that's more exercise than just planting her face in a bowl.
My two year old kitty thinks she is catching the food and works out her predatory instincts on it. It helps keep her entertained and I love this product. SOO worth it! see less
By Suehat on March 29, 2016
My cat is 15lbs and it has no problems. Pretty sturdy
By Jeremie Todd on March 23, 2016
I think of the cat were on the top of it, over the life of the dispenser it would weaken and possibly break. It's sturdy but not that sturdy. I don't know that the top is big enough for a cat to lay on.
By Rebecca Briggs on March 23, 2016
It seems pretty sturdy but my cat never plays with it so I don't know for sure... my dog shows more interest in getting the treats.
By Anthony on March 24, 2016
I think so- it's pretty difficult to tip over and the top part is one piece so it doesn't just come apart.
By KatieLGraham86 SELLER  on March 24, 2016
No, definitely not....
By Charlotte K Neufeld on March 24, 2016
Question:I know this is made for a cat but is their any bunny people here who thinks this would work for holding their hay??
Answer:The interior pieces are like 3 floors of a building, so the spaces you would be pushing hay into would be *really* tight. In addition, I'm certain my late rabbit would have chewed on the lip of the base. (I purchased this item for a cat, but had house rabbits for a decade.)
By A. Sarten on March 14, 2019
Question:I have a cat with short arms, munchkin. Can he use this?
Answer:How short? In theory every cat can use it. Not sure what you consider short.
By Thorsten Kopitzki on September 27, 2016
one of the cat's is very small and has no problem. the other cat is missing a hind leg and has no problem. this tree is great and almost eliminating the binge and purge AND they get to play to get their food :) it's great!
By Meta J. on September 29, 2016
I wouldn't see why not. The holes are large enough for my big Maine Coon to get his arms way in. He will even tip it a bit if kibble is stuck in the middle. Definitely slows him down vrs. Bowl feeding. Good luck!
By clevelandbarbie on September 27, 2016
He may need to stretch a wee bit, but probably would be totally fine!
By Amazon Customer on September 27, 2016
I don't think so although it depends to his personality and smartness too
By Donna on September 27, 2016
Question:Has anyone tried this with a large Maine Coon? He's 23 pounds and likes to knock things over (including the bin with his kibble!)
Answer:I have a 15 pound Maine Coon/Tabby mix and she has never knocked it over but your kitty sounds like a big boy! Good luck lol
By Cat lover on September 15, 2016
My cat is 25lbs and I'm wondering the same thing. Thankfully my cat doesn't knock stuff over. Did you ever buy this? I'm curious to know how it worked out for you since you have a big cat like I do.
By Alicia Hewitt on May 18, 2020
Mine is pretty stable. My cats like to climb on top of it when they are asking to be fed and it may sway a little but never topple over.
By MK on September 18, 2016
My cat is 25lbs and I'm wondering the same thing. Thankfully my cat doesn't knock stuff over. Did you ever buy this? I'm curious to know how it worked out for you since you have a big cat like I do.
By Alicia Hewitt on May 18, 2020
Mine is pretty stable. My cats like to climb on top of it when they are asking to be fed and it may sway a little but never topple over.
By MK on September 18, 2016
Question:How can i encourage a overweight bored-eater to use this? he was previously dumped and is now very nervous if his bowl is ever empty but ignores this
Answer:My cat used to snack every 5 minutes, would gobble the food down, puke, take a nap and repeat. Now he just eats when he is hungry. You just have to stay strong and not give him anything else but that. Put the old food bowl away so he doesnt think it will be filled at some point. And get his interest with treats in the tree. If you once saw that he knows how to use the tree he will use it when he is really hungry and get used to it! see less
By Jan B on May 25, 2017
Entice him with really good treats mixed in with his regular food. If he does not understand the concept of this feeder, place the food in the bottom to begin with. Remember with cats it is all about the smell, if the food doesn't smell good, they will ignore it. My fat kitty loves this, and he figured it out right away:) see less
By TNTGOATS on May 25, 2017
My cat was very angry when I initially switched to this, but eventually gave up as it was her only option, but for a nervous cat, I would start my adding the food to the bottom round part, and then adding it to the upper, harder stories. It might be worth trying some catnip, too!
By Sara on May 24, 2017
My overweight cat is fed only with this gadget. There are different settings on it making it easier for the food to fall to the bottom, try the easiest one first. My cat often just pulls the food out of the top level with her paw. Perhaps you could start putting food into the lowest level first and "helping" the cat paw it out. Perhaps once he/she gets the reward of food, that will be enough encouragement to use it more. Good luck! see less
By tonytiger7 on May 25, 2017
They will eventually use it, just show them how to use it. My cat was upset about it at first, but now he is ok with it. Didn't eat a whole lot the first few days, but he is back to normal now.
By Christopher H. on May 25, 2017
Ours was a bit timid at first too, but I swiped into the levels a few times with my fingers, letting him have a few morsels and see what batting at it can get it for him. It took a few days, but it was worth the effort. Hope that helps.
By Carol Baird on May 24, 2017
Question:Is the green section all one unit; or does each layer lock together?
Answer:The green section is all one piece. The bottom (white) is separate and snaps into the green section. There is also a white lid.
By Patricia Farnsworth on January 25, 2017
The unit came completely put together in one piece.
By Amazon Customer on January 25, 2017
The green section Is all one unit, and it separates from the white bottom. Hope this answer helps.
By Amazon Customer on January 26, 2017
Question:My cats are not adapting to using it, is it best to just put the food in and let them work it out? I've tried showing them how to get the treats out?
Answer:That's what I did. One of my cat figured it out, but it didn't take long before she stopped using it. My other cat never did and she did not eat from there unless the other one left some tibits on the bottom. I had to leave another food bowl out for her.
By Cat Lover on July 21, 2016
That's the only place my cats get food, and when they get hungry, they figure it out really quickly.
By meowmegan on July 21, 2016
What worked in my instance was to put food in the bottom dish and also cheese or some of her favorite treats in the maze until she got the hang of it.
By Amazon Customer on July 21, 2016
Question:Can this help a cat lose weight? My cat is overweight and I know she needs to lose weight. I don't free feed but she doesn't excercise.
Answer:We bought this because our cat was placed on a diet and was being distructive due to food searching. It has helped with a lot of her behavior because she has to eat slower and it's stimulating
By Flores on March 11, 2017
Not by itself, but it will slow your cat down and force them to be active while eating. They will be more satisfied with the "diet" portions and beg for more less often. I used this in conjunction with a ball puzzle & prescription metabolic food from the vet, and my once morbidly obese cat is now just average chubby house cat see less
By EmilyAnne on March 11, 2017
I believe so. It takes my cats forever to finish the same amount of food, a little goes a long way. I notice that they eat less and "play" with the food throughout the day. BUT, the plastic part broken up within two weeks of use......
By BaeBae.pup on March 11, 2017
Question:How do you make it easier for your cat? I read somewhere that it has 3 difficulty levels but I dont know how to change it.
Answer:there are three levels. top middle bottom. i believe the bottom has a white tray you can swing around and make the holes smaller or bigger. my cats never went for it first. but when they got hungry and wanted to graze in the day they'd have to learn. they both lost weight.
By paul s. on January 11, 2017
I have just twisted the white middle level piece to have the wholes bigger and that made it easier for my cat.
By Candee on January 11, 2017
You just twist the middle plastic level separator and it will adjust the size of the holes to be smaller.
By Ariel on January 11, 2017
Maybe that's the problem. I did not read that part & the instructions are long gone.
By Diana on January 11, 2017

