About this item
The carpeted cat condo is covered with silver faux fur, it is constructed of pressed wood and includes 6 scratching posts.
57 inch height medium cat tree for cats of all life stage, it includes ramp, hammock, condo and two perches.
100% cured sisal scratching posts., helps keep your cat from damaging carpets, furniture, curtains, and more
Designed for indoor use,Neutral color tones fit in with your home’s existing decor.
Fabrics can be easily spot cleaned with soap and water to avoid stains.
Age range description: kitten
Included components: hardware set, instruction, parts listed
Question:How is the ramp held on ?
Answer:The ramp is held on by one bolt. Its the same bolt that holds the white rope wrapped post at top of ramp. The post is on top of the ramp and top post and ramp are connect to the bottom white roped wrapped bottom post. With ramp connected by one bolt it lets the ramp be swiveled it space is a issue. The ramp solid at least it has remained solid in the little over a month I have had this cat tree. Its a well built product for the price and I got free shipping that really real worth the price I paid. I should add I have 2 cats who this cat tree is for one is on the portly side around 10 lbs and other cat is little like a peanut is weighs less then 7 ibs. With the weight of both cats using this cat tree has not yet effected the structure of cat tree so far. see less
By Secret_Destroyer on August 28, 2014
If I remember correctly, there are 2 brackets that you screw onto that first platform. It for sure does not just lean against it. It's pretty sturdy.
By dawn davis on August 28, 2014
The entire thing is a piece oh {}#^. I gave up when the first piece I tried to assemble CRUMBLED as I used the Allen wrench. Return it!!!!!
By A reader on August 30, 2014
With bolts..my cats do not use it at all.
By Horseyone on August 28, 2014
Question:Is this tree just for kittens or can an adult cat use it?
Answer:I have four adult cats, ranging from 5 to 16lbs, who like to run all over this thing. They're pretty rough with it sometimes, and I do have to tighten the bolts periodically, but it's been very sturdy so far.
By Chelle C. on May 3, 2014
It is big enough for an adult cat. Mine is a Maine coon and he will be quite large when he is full grown. I love that he uses the scratching posts all the time.
By No name1 on May 8, 2014
It works for both. We got it for our 8 year old main coon and now 1 year old main coon kitten and they both use it regularly. If you have large cats, such as main coons, Siberians, or Norwegian forest cats the top two platforms are a little small, but for regular sized cats it would probably be just right
By alli on May 4, 2014
Our 3 year old cat weighing 13 lbs perches himself on the top tier all the time. It shakes only slightly but is very sturdy and stable.
By J. Farber on May 3, 2014
This would be perfect for small cats, it wobbles when my 17# cat gets on and he doesn't hardly use it. We have plans to beef it up with a larger bottom and middle shelf hoping to gain some stability. Hope that helps.
By Horseyone on May 3, 2014
All cats
By Scott k on May 6, 2014
Question:Does this product have replacement parts?
Answer:Sorry. we don't have replacement parts for this product.
By armarkat SELLER  on December 18, 2020
Question:Are there any replacement parts for this product? Specifically the scratching posts.
Answer:Sorry. we don't have the replacement parts for this product.
By armarkat SELLER  on December 18, 2020
not as far as I know this was the worst cat tree I have ever bought it fell apart in 1 year...
By Horseyone on December 17, 2020
Question:Do the cats ever really use the hammock part?
Answer:I have never seen any of cats in the hammock. They do like the rest of it.
By Kindle Customer on June 18, 2014
My cats don't use it but they are all adults; I suspect kittens might like it since most of them will try anything :). I use the hammock to store toys.
By 4cats on June 17, 2014
Mine don't, no. They tried at first, but one is a little too big for it, and the other doesn't really like it when it swings
By alli on June 17, 2014
mine do not, they will not even get into it.
By Horseyone on June 17, 2014
Mine has never used it.
By Tiggerkj on June 18, 2014
Question:Why are overall dimensions much larger than base dimensions? Is it just the ramp is included in overall dimensions? Want to be sure size of base.
Answer:The base is 23 3/4 inches by 17 1/2 inches. The ramp sticks out an additional 15 inches. The ramp is needed for stability.
By Valerie on March 19, 2017
