About this item
The cat tree has neutral colors to match most interior designs. It is a narrow space saver and can accommodate several cats.
It has a lounge playhouse, perches, big platform, sisial posts and five levels for your cats enjoyment.
The Cat condo is made of multi-layer solid wood, which is strong and tough while not easy to fracture.
Plenty of Sisal Scratching Post areas are built in for maximum scratching fun.
All hardware and step by step instruction are included. It is easy to set it up.
Question:What is the height of the first landing? I have a senior cat that is having more difficulty climbing.
Answer:I have 3 slightly different Armarkat cat trees and the first landing in all 3 ranged 19-20 inches.
By Alma L. on January 22, 2016
It's right at 19 inches. If you kitty has difficulty climbing, you may want to consider one that has carpet on the landings though, to make it easier for him to grip when he jumps. This particular one is just wood.
By Marcia on January 15, 2016
It's a little over 19". The landings aren't the largest and are bare wood. So not exactly the easiest to scale for any cat. But you could easily attach a ramp.
By Mike Lintonen on January 14, 2016
The forest landing is about 2.5 ft off the ground. However, something important to note is that the landings are slick since there's no carpet. In retrospect I wouldn't have bought this condo. My cats hate it and have fallen off a couple times. It's not their favorite.
By creativekristy on January 15, 2016
19.5 "
By cpacosta on January 15, 2016
Question:Will this hold a 25+ lb cat on any of its perches?
Answer:My cats are only 10 lbs and can make this cat condo wobble. The top perch (box) can barely hold a 10 lb. cat. I don''t believe it is substantial enough for a 25 lb cat.
By Vivian Wang on July 27, 2016
My biggest cat weighs about 18 lbs. and the platforms seem sturdy enough for one or two cats. The cat tree may wobble a bit when the heavy cats jump on one of the perches, but they've held up well. I've had 5 or more cats on one cat tree at a time and that hasn't been a problem.
By Alma L. on July 21, 2016
I don't see a problem. I had a 19lb and 12lb and they could be on the same perch without issue.
By cpacosta on July 21, 2016
My cat is 20-23 pounds and sits on the top perch just below the little box and it supports him just fine. He uses the other perches to climb up to that one and they would probably also be fine with his weight.I would definitely say the top and middle perches should be fine, but maybe not the lower one since it is mostly free floating. see less
By kylie on July 21, 2016
I feel sure it would. It is well made and if assembled properly I think it would be extremely stable. I have a twenty-pounder who jumps up and down on it and none of the perches have even loosened.
By Marcia on July 21, 2016
Yes it should
By StateLineTack SELLER  on July 22, 2016
Question:Does this cat stand have dreaded carpet?
Answer:Hi, the material is made of Faux fur. It is a special carpet made only for cats. It is softer than regular carpet. He or she will feel more comfortable laying on it.
By armarkat SELLER  on September 11, 2017
All the platforms are smooth wood. There is no carpet on platforms. A soft bed comes with it for inside the box. This is very well made and wood platforms are large. All posts are wrapped with sisal which the cats live to scratch. You can cover the wood platforms with material but my cats like laying on bare wood. For winter I will take material and Velcro it over the platforms to lay on. Excellent quality and good price see less
By Angelband on September 11, 2017
No carpet. Does include a pad for box. Easy to keep clean. Easy to put together.
I have this one in a corner against tall cabinet. My guy is big..He loves it.
I have a number of these. The ones I have in the patio I screw into floor for safety as they get pretty wild. Feral family
loves them...
By De on September 11, 2017
No, the natural wood one doesn't. I buy a carpet remnant for a couple of bucks and cut squares of carpet, put them on it with Velcro backing and just replace them when they get yucky.
By Amber L. Cain on September 11, 2017
Question:How strong is the pine scent?
Answer:I haven't noticed any scent coming from the cat tree or from when I initially opened the box.
By kylie on July 5, 2016
I have 5 of these cat trees because I don't like carpeted cat trees and I can't smell the pine. Of course I have multiple cats, several litter boxes and I use cat odor removal cleansers that could be masking the pine smell, but I don't remember smelling anything when I set them up, and before moving the cats into the house. see less
By Alma L. on July 4, 2016
There is no scent to really speak to at all.
By cpacosta on July 6, 2016
Question:Has anyone tried used this outside in a catio?
Answer:have not used outdoors, but it is made of plywood, so I don't believe it would hold up well, unless under a covered patio, etc.
By Bonnie on November 2, 2018
It is usually for indoor use, if you'd like put it outside, pls make sure it is well take care of.
By armarkat SELLER  on November 5, 2018
Question:what are the posts made out of (wood, cardboard, plastic?)
Answer:They are made of wood
By StateLineTack SELLER  on May 15, 2016
The whole tree is solid wood and the posts are covered with sisal. I own 5 because there's no carpet, and my cats love them.
By Alma L. on May 14, 2016
Since the posts are completely wrapped with sisal rope it's kinda hard to tell but I'm guessing pressed wood. They're very strong. It is definitely a well-made cat tree, very sturdy and stable (not tippy). My cats love it and I much prefer this to the ones covered in carpet as this one is really easy to keep clean.
By Marcia on May 15, 2016
Wood. This thing is sturdy.
By John on May 14, 2016
wood wrapped with rope.
By cpacosta on May 15, 2016
Question:Can this be outside or is it only for indoor use?
Answer:This is intended for indoor use. It is not weather proof.
By StateLineTack SELLER  on November 9, 2015
We have ours setup outside within a screened in patio. It does get wet during heavy rains and is subject to the normal humidity of southern Louisiana. The last one we had lasted over 10 years.
By cpacosta on November 9, 2015
I would never use mine outdoors. I have 5 of these cat trees and the wood doesn't seem to be treated with anything that would protect it against the elements. I'm even careful about how I wipe them clean. I don't know if other people paint or treat the wood, but I don't want anything that may be harmful to my cats.
By Alma L. on November 17, 2015
Question:Will cat pee soak into the wood?
Answer:Cat pee may soak into the wood, as there is no waterproof coating on the wood.
By armarkat SELLER  on November 4, 2021
Probably. Cat pee soaks into everything. I painted mine. You could polyurethane it to for easier clean up. They don't tend to pee on these, I have 2, but there's always barf. I really like the all wood, much better than carpet covered
By Melindahascats on November 3, 2021
Question:What's inside the perch that is soft? Is it possible to remove it for cleaning?
Answer:it comes with a soft cleanable square that fits in perfectly.
I have it in corner of room next to cabinet. If your cats get the wild sillies, attach to wall or floor for safety.
MY cats and I love this piece of cat furniture.
By De on April 8, 2019
There is no insert for the cat tree. It is okay to add-on cushions as you like.
By armarkat SELLER  on April 8, 2019
Question:What are the base measurement?
Answer:It is six sided shape on bottom.
Each the same width of approximately 23 + 1/4".
By De on April 8, 2019
Question:I'm moving into a new house. Can the wood be stained before I assemble it to allow it to blend in with other furniture?
Answer:Hi,
Sorry, the wood could not be stained.
By armarkat SELLER  on August 14, 2017
I chose not to stain or paint mine. Cats love it! I see no reason why you couldn't apply stain or paint before you assemble it. Probably be easier to do so before assembly. Give your cats time to get used to it. Mine didn't use tree right away, but now they're all over it!
By M. Emmerling on August 11, 2017
Yes - You can stain or paint prior to assembly.
By P. on August 11, 2017
Question:Do any of the materials (glues, finishes, etc.) off-gas any vocs? formaldehyde, etc.
Answer:Hi,
All the raw material is eco-frienly and have been tested. We have the sisal rope circle on the post with glue and staple.
And the board material is Plied Pinus sylvestris,polished surface, original wood grain, natural scent of Pinus Sylvestris.
By armarkat SELLER  on January 23, 2018
Not that I, or my cats, can perceive. I'm chemically sensitive as well. My cats (3) absolutely love this tree house. There is no stain, paint, varnish or other finish. Solid smooth wood with sisal scratch poles. Sturdy.
By M. Emmerling on January 22, 2018
I would contact the manufacturer or Armarket directly. There is not finish on the wood, but it is pressed wood, sanded smooth so I'm sure there is a chemical process to it. Same with the slue. I have allergies which is why I purchased this, and am not having any contact dermatitis issues form it.
By CHo Meir on January 22, 2018
Not sure my answer posted so again there is no chemical smell. It’s assembled with bolts. No carpet. Posts are sisal. Base is large and heavy. No tipping issues. Wood platforms are all very smooth and made with heavyweight wood. Nothing cheaply made. Super quality and great price. If you want to cover platforms with cloth you could attach with Velcro then can be removed to clean. My cats like the bare wood see less
By Angelband on January 22, 2018
No it’s assembled with bolts and no carpet which is what gives the gasses off. The posts are wrapped with sisal. It’s got a very heavy bad so no tipping issue. Very well made I was impressed with quality and good price.
By Angelband on January 22, 2018
