About this item
Color : Beige/Brown Overall size : 33.5"W x 35"L x 85"H
Bowl size : 6.5" Diameter Posts covered by natural sisal rope
Covering Material : Faux Fur Board Material : Wood
Country Of Origin: China
Question:Would all the components of this cat tree be usable by a 16lbs and up cat? Would the tree also be able to hold that weight and not be shaky?
Answer:We bought this for our cats for Christmas and it is holding up well and looks great. We have multiple cats who use this and have had no problems with stability. Our smallest female is lightweight (about 7 pounds max), and climbs all over this thing like a frenzied squirrel. Her buddy, an athletic 13-pound male, plays with her on it and they often get pretty rambunctious. Our larger female (20-pound chubster) just sticks to the lower level or hangs out in the "cave". As another user said, smaller cats will get the most use out of the hammock...it is a favorite napping place for our little girl. see less
By grapegrl on May 7, 2014
Our cat is about 15lbs and she does not like the very top or side of this tree, she likes the middle perch about 4ft off the ground. When she goes higher or to the side, it does shake and she hates that feeling of being unstable. Unfortunate. I paid a lot of money for this tree for her to only use one lower perch, could have gotten the same result for a LOT less money at a local department store. see less
By Muddy Girl on May 5, 2014
I am not quite sure how much my cat weighs, but he is pretty big and loves the third level to curl up and sleep in and he does play with a younger cat I got recently. It does shake a little, but if you put a heavy flat brick (covered with felt or cloth) it won't be as bad. I am sure with most tall cat trees there will be some shakiness to them unless the base is heavier and has a lot more weight to it. You also could probably put a heavier flat board and attach the cat tree to it which I may just do in the future once my other cat becomes full grown for more stability. But overall, my cats love it just wish I had another hammock because both cats seem to like that the best. see less
By BeeKnd on May 6, 2014
I was shocked by how sturdy this cat tree is. I have a cat that is 12+ lbs and he manages just fine. Its so funny when all of my cats are on it at the same time!
By Kristen on May 5, 2014
The tree itself is wobbly in general because the bottom piece isn't heavy enough to keep it still all of the time. My cat is around 6 months old and loves it, especially the hammock but it might not be able to fit an extremely large cat in it all the way. However, I was still impressed with this cat tree and my cat is constantly on it. I would just look at the dimensions of the hammock, everything else would fit fine. see less
By Sarah Darling on May 5, 2014
My cat is so fat he makes the good year blimp look like twiggy and he dose great on it not a problem and I never worry about it falling
By alicia on November 23, 2018
It might be shaky if they're on the way top, but it handles my fat male cat just fine. My female cat is about a year old and loves to sleep in the round hammock. My two grandsons(they are 2 & 3)climb on it to see the cats and it doesn't tip or wobble. i hope this helps in your decision to purchase one. I would purchase this one again. see less
By Jackie on May 5, 2014
Question:Reviews say wobbly or sturdy - is the wobbly because not put together well? Or can you do something to make it more sturdy?
Answer:I have the F2095 - the bottom is generally one single large plank, and as long as it's put together correctly and the screws tightened once every few months, it should be fairly sturdy.
By Kevin Kwan on July 24, 2019
I don't think it is wobbly at all myself. Very sturdy! It might move a little when our cat springs off it hard but it would never tip over.
By Cindy Schoppman on June 5, 2015
Generally, if this unit is put together correctly, it's pretty sturdy. When my cats "fritz out" it does seem like it's wobbly because it moves. My 20 lb cat has flown up the side of this thing and it has never fallen. None of our screws have ever come loose.
By Nathan Harr on February 1, 2019
Mine was never wobbly. The puppy even tried to play with the cat while she was on there and no wobbly issues.
By Leslie on June 13, 2015
Mine has gotten wobbly after about 6 months. The screws seem to loosen up, though re tightening fixes it up. I'm not sure adding any more screws would help due to the design of it though...
By Doug and Kaycee… on June 6, 2015
You just have to make sure all the screws are tight. I did have to re-tighten the screws due to my cats extreme play :0)
By Samantha VanDerbosch on June 5, 2015
Question:How do I find replacement parts for cat trees?
Answer:You can contact the manufacturer directly and they will sell them to you. For one of the 'fur' covered posts on mine, they wanted $18 after shipping.
By Spunkymanker on March 1, 2015
The only part I could find was the twine wrapped connector posts. And they were on eBay and priced at $50 each.
By Daniel on November 11, 2014
Question:Is this cat tree stable enough for multiple cats? I am thinking about getting a shelter cat and a persian and am looking for something stable for them
Answer:Depends. I have seven cats and one kitten. Maybe one of them is 16 lbs the rest are not as big. The cat tree is less than a year old and already the left side broke off while my cats were on it. The poles are cardboard and weak and sway when the cats would jump up on it. The twine and carpet do not last long either. My advice look for real wood cat tree. see less
By Ceter Pushing on March 3, 2021
Definitely stable enough for multiple cats. I have 3 tabby girls (all over 12 pounds at the moment), and it holds up to their rough play :-D They love it, and I believe that this tree was money worth spending.
By Cirinde on July 27, 2014
Stable enough for our four cats. However, if your cats are on the, er, heavy side, when they lay in the little hammocks on the pole, the pole will lean to the point where it will eventually break. We took off one of the small hammocks and a section of the pole.
By David Richardson on July 26, 2014
Yes. I have 3 cats and the heaviest is 25 lbs. no problems with weight. The tree is very large. Make room.
By Daniel on July 26, 2014
I have 3 cats that constantly play on this tree. When they jump from one level to another, the tree does shake a little bit, but my cats are extremely active chasing each oteher. Although the left part with the hammock-like cups are seeming to tip forward (I have 1 cat who sleeps in the hammock while the other 2 pull on it to get her down), the whole tree is definately worth making some accommodation to fix the tree see less
By Rachel Hurwitz on July 30, 2014
Yes it is I have two cats and one weights 15 pounds it's a beautiful cat tree
By Lucia R. on July 28, 2014
Yes, we have three cats and they love it!
By CB on July 27, 2014
Question:I've read a lot of bad reviews....wondering if it is worth the money?
Answer:Yes is absolutely worth the money just a pain to put together all of my cats love it & I have 10
By Racheal Mcanderw on January 31, 2016
It honestly depends on your pet(s). I have a thirteen pound Maine Coon cat and I got this for her for Christmas three years ago. While it was expensive, it was a great deal compared to what I have seen available in pet stores over the years. She loves sleeping in an on it, scratching it, and playing on it. The hammocks on the sides are the things she does not use because she is a little too heavy. If you have normal-sized cats or kittens, they would enjoy every aspect of it, I think. When I purchase it, I hadn't seen any bad reviews. I made a few modifications to it when it arrived to better suit my cat, but that is not necessary for all cats. I think your pet(s) will love it! see less
By Vikki L Lessard on February 1, 2016
I think it would have been worth it had they gotten our order correct. Tried to get our whole product 3 times and that didn't work for us. I wish they had gotten it right. I know our cats would have loved it.
By B. Zimmerman on January 31, 2016
Question:How do the "vines" hold up? I have a 6 month old ripper/tugger. He's successfully pulled all feathers and attachments off my existing tree.
Answer:I have two four month old siamese. The vines look great but only lasted an hour. They had them destroyed.
The tree itself is sturdy and my kittens love it. If your cats get more mellow later, the vines are easily replaced at hobby lobby...
By Dawnelda on January 6, 2015
They are optional. You could attach them between the leg and platform before screwing them together to add to security. With staples. They are like any artifical vine. Easy to replace. Great tree! Nice product.
By librariancatlady on January 6, 2015
Our cats don't really play with the vines, but they love the tree.
By Dean M. Hanson on January 8, 2015
I stapled them on with electrical staples....they just hammer in....but if the cat is determined....the vines will die!!! I've considered looking for cheap artificial tree branches, like at the thrift store, and nailing them on the sides....
By Timothy Crump on January 6, 2015
No real way to attach
By cheryl ohrt on January 6, 2015
Question:How wide and long is the tunnel ?
Answer:Both are 12" long and 10" (diameter). The lower has a 6" (diameter) opening on its top.
By Bruce Notareus on May 6, 2017
Question:What are the posts made out of. the last i bought was cardboard with coverings. definitely not suitable for outdoors. is this suitable for outdoors?
Answer:All the posts are wrapped in a thick rope-like twine. The rest is covered in carpet. I would say that it's not suitable for the elements outside if it would be getting wet. But otherwise yes. I would say it could stand up to the elements but would prob get moldy and stinky, etc. This is really nice and well made!
By Anna on January 11, 2016
I'm thinking it's made of particle board. I would not recommend it for outdoor use.
By Yvonne S. on January 9, 2016
Its not made of cardboard. I doubt it will hope up outdoors over time but that wasn't the question.
By Jl on January 9, 2016
Question:How wide is this at it's widest point? The base dimensions are given but it looks as though the platforms go out a ways from the base.
Answer:The size is given in the description. The overall size is 33.5 in wide and 35in long.
By Paul R on December 10, 2015
33" width by 35" depth, that's including the top platform that over hangs a bit also onto the depth. So basically 3x3 area for all intents and purposes.
By Sarah L on December 10, 2015
Those platforms are the widest places. It's about 3ft wide - give or take a couple of inches.
By CDS. on December 10, 2015
The widest part it about 4ft up and its 33 1/2 inches
By Jl on December 10, 2015
The widest part it about 4ft up and its 33 1/2 inches
By Jl on December 10, 2015
bought this for my brother who lives in a single wide trailer...it is pretty big...reached to the ceiling and dimensions on bottom were exact i notice it is now taken down as it does take up some room....the cats loved it!
By Elaina Echave on December 10, 2015
It don't go out that far ..maybe a few inches.
By Lisa davis on December 10, 2015
Question:My other tree from this store had a wall anchor piece. Does this one come with it? I have 4 cats so I want stability.
Answer:No it doesn't have wall anchor pieces. I have 3 cats who play on it. It's very stable. It shouldn't be difficult to add a wall anchor point on it if necessary though. My cats love it.
By andrea zaferes on April 28, 2016
It doesn't have a wall anchor but it's very stable. The four posts and large base make it very sturdy. My cat is 16lbs and my pitbull and chihuahua all climb on it and play around it and it never tips or wobbles
By Donovan Frank on April 28, 2016
No, it does not come with a wall anchor, but the platforms are solid enough to screw into if you wanted to fabricate your own. This tree is very sturdy as is. The only part that can get a little wobbly is the upper perch.
By Paul R on April 29, 2016
I don't remember seeing any. Ours leans up against two walls (corner) otherwise I don't think it would be very stable.
By Yvonne S. on April 30, 2016
Doesn't have one but I have to say that it doesn't need it! In the picture the base looks narrow but it's not! Very stable and have had my Boston Terrier who's 20 lbs climb up with them. This really is a great product. Very nice and well built.
By Anna on May 2, 2016
Question:What is the hgt of the bttm rnd platform? i have older cat that cant jump betwn tall spaces...she can jump shorter spaces!
Answer:I am not home to measure it, but I would say less than 12 inches high - I can't imagine an older cat having issues - it is pretty low. I have a 10 year old cat and 2 kittens. They all enjoy the tree, but the older cat is too big for the tunnels. His weight seems to make the shelves bend ever so slightly, but not to the point of real concern. The leaves do look very nice, but the kittens have destroyed most of them. All in all, a good purchase. see less
By MShells10 on June 23, 2016
It's about a foot, she should be able to climb up without jumping fully :)
By Nicolette on June 24, 2016
Less than 6 inches
By Gregory G. on June 24, 2016
10 INCHES
By L. Sue Ribley on June 24, 2016
Question:Does the bottom sit flat against the wall or at an angle?
Answer:The bottom does have a 12 to 16 inch flat side that can be placed against the wall. However, I find it works best if its away from the wall about 3 to 5 inches because when the cats play on the top levels it will bang/wobble sometimes.
By Shay on January 22, 2015
It sits flat and straight. The very top perch area (being round, and all...) keeps it from being pressed against the wall.
By Natalie Van Hooser on January 22, 2015
It sits flat against the wall.
By Senad B. on January 21, 2015
It sits flat. You can't push it completely against the wall, mainly due to the round platform at the top, but you can come pretty close.
By Annie Monninger on January 23, 2015

