About this item
6-FOOT CAT TREE – This cat tower offers 5 levels of interactive fun and the perfect place to nap and snuggle. The cat furniture also has 2 mouse toys and a hanging rope that extends 2 tiers that your cat can bat, grab, and pull for amusement.
Question:Can you secure this to the wall?
Answer:Yes, easily. Just spend $2 at a hardware store to get a long wooden screw and a piece of metal wire like used on dog tie outs. Catch a stud, and tie this to it. Or just screw it to the floor for an even easier solution.... But I found the large base is good enough. No securing needed. (and in my cases, I screwed an older piece to this new one, and made it even TALLER than the 6' it shows, and still no need to tie to the wall) see less
By James on October 2, 2019
Question:how tall is it?
Answer:It is 6 feet tall I have two grown cats that use it everyday. They love it!
By Christie C. on May 15, 2020
72 inches tall
By Vikki on May 15, 2020
6 feet
By Kodi on May 15, 2020
Question:Is it possible to purchase replacement columns?
Answer:I don't think so. It just comes as a set.
By dorisa mothersbaugh on April 1, 2020
Question:Is this for cats or kittens? What is the cat weight limit for the top resting areas please?
Answer:My ~15lbs fat and energetic cat never had a problem on this. I've had it for years. I don't suspect you'd have a weight issue. Just be sure to screw things together tight, but NOT to break it when you do. Add wood glue when joining the pieces if you are really concerned.
By James on October 2, 2019
Question:Can you secure this to the wall?
Answer:No. There isn't anything flush to the wall. My cat loves it. It's quit sturdy. It wiggles a little if she runs crazy to get on it.
By Ann Balk on December 7, 2016
I would not recommend this
By Corinne T. MANUFACTURER  on December 7, 2016
Question:I am missing a double screw. How can I get one?
Answer:Go to a hardware store
By John Ancona on March 4, 2021
Question:How long does this actually last?
Answer:Overall, great. Construction wise, it is lasting us a long time. Scratch wise, it's "ok". We only have 1 cat who uses it, and he's gotten old. However his claw are strong, so the ropes have been torn up a lot (and cut off by him, in some places).
By James on December 14, 2020
Question:How thick is the sisal?
Answer:Hi. Thank you for showing interest in our product. sisal rope is around 1 inch thick. Thank you.
By Amazon Customer on March 18, 2022
It is quite thick and tightly wound. I've had this for about a year with 2 cats and there it shows no wear.
By PJN on March 9, 2022
Question:Weight capacity of perches?
Answer:Both my cats are about 12 pounds each . They sit fine on this tree.
By Amazon Customer on November 14, 2021
Question:The 3rd tier of mine is upholstered on the wrong side. The holes line up perfectly when flipped over. Amazon is blocking reviews for it. Help!?
Answer:I did not have that issue when I got this long ago. I'd suggest: Contact the maker (often a sheet in the box) and ask them to send you a free replacement. OR Contact Amazon and return it as defective. OR assemble it differently then the pic shows (if there is a way to line it up and make it work, or maybe even if that means no carpet on one level so you use a knife and scratch that level so your cat has traction). OR drill your own holes to assemble it however you think is best. see less
By James on April 1, 2020
We didn't flip the third side but we did have to turn the box around in a different way than the instructions told us to. Now the doors are not facing the right way. Otherwise it just doesn't go together. If my cat didn't LOVE it so much I probably would have returned it.
By dorisa mothersbaugh on April 1, 2020
Maybe it was a mistake on manufacturing part. Ours came upholstered properly. Was just fine when it arrived.
By Sheila on April 1, 2020
I have this same problem, and one of the holes is too big for the screws. VERY frustrating and disappointing.
By Peter Langendorff on December 11, 2020
Question:What are the dimensions of the 2 top perches and the condo?
Answer:I don't have the dimensions but I will say they are small if you have large cats. The perches are small rounded on one side. I have one adult cat who is on the smaller side and she fits okay. She will curl up and sleep up there. However the two older larger cats will climb up but only sit for a short time.
By Sheila on May 4, 2019
Question:Does the cat tree come with the tools necessary to assemble it?
Answer:Yes. It comes with an allen wrench and was easy to put together. Hardest part was getting up off the floor for me...
By Eva on October 4, 2021
