About this item
Overall size is 18"W x 20"L x 31"h
Board covered by carpet
Posts are covered by natural sisal rope and carpet
Country Of Origin: China
Question:how tall is the cat tree floor-to-top when assembled? description says 25" but looking at the features I doubt they could fit all that into 25" high
Answer:It is definitely very small. I thought it would be bigger as well.
By Amazon Customer on November 21, 2017
Question:what is the exact size of the platforms?
Answer:The top one is 15" X 15", the second and third are 20 3/4" X 15", and the base is 22" X 22".
By Bonita Howard on April 1, 2019
Question:How stable is the mid-level platform and how big of a cat can it fit?
Answer:We found it was too small for our adult cats after we managed to install it. They usually snuggle together, and the top platform is a good size for that. We actually ended up taking the mid-level platform out. It is very stable without it.
By Patti Flasch on January 1, 2018
Hi Gregory,
I have to say that of the other two cat platforms that we have, this one is great for our two cats. One is over 11 lbs and loves the top level. The smaller cat loves the lower scoop. She is about 8 lbs. Of the three cat platforms and trees that we own, this one is by far their favorite. We have it stationed by a window and they love sitting or lying on it and looking out. Mind you, our windows are lower than standard ones so they can comfortably sit on the platform and enjoy the outdoor happenings without strain. My wife was skeptical when I first bought this one but has been won over completely. The notch in the top level is not a problem at all either as it gives the cat on the bottom level the opportunity to sit up in the scoop without hitting its head. Great cat investment for us! Barry see less
By Barry Cauchon on December 30, 2017
when i got this stand i did not think it would last, but Leo has proved me wrong. He is about 26 pounds and rough on it but loves it. He has shredded the rope and loves to claw the carpet, but sleeps in the top comfortable. I however do not think he will fit in the middle shelf comfortably, but any small or average cat should. As for the stability he has not broke anything apart yet. see less
By Mary S. on December 30, 2017
Question:Does this come preassembled or does it require assembly?
Answer:Requires assembly. Comes with everything you need. Wasn't too difficult. Be careful of which way the legs are turned. I screwed it up and had to do it over
By Christian on February 5, 2019
It requires assembly.
By Robyn on February 6, 2019
It requires assembly.
By Eric W on February 5, 2019
Assembly is required and I thought it was easy to do.
By Carly Green on February 5, 2019
Assembly required BUT easy peasy!I'm an older female and it took me 5 minutes,no tools needed!
By V. J. Horner on February 5, 2019
I had to assemble it but was very very easy
By Susan L on February 7, 2019
