About this item
Includes 2 steps, Condo and hammock
Covered with plush
Sisal scratching surfaces. Measurements: Step - 7 dia × 8.5 in. Condo - 18.75 × 11 × 11.25
Mounts securely between 12" and 16" wall studs, hardware included
Now with improved hardware set and extended instructions
CARB Phase II Compliant
Question:What wall studs does this need?
Answer:My wall studs are 16". And you'll want to use your own screws, the ones that came with it sheered off while my cat was sleeping in the cubby.
By Jey on May 30, 2017
It comes with everything you need
By Mary on May 30, 2017
Question:What is the weight capacity?
Answer:I'm not sure about the exact weight capacity but it hold my big cat who is 15-16 lbs.
By Jordan M on January 16, 2017
The pegs and the little nesting box have absolutely no problem. However the swing hammock is made of a very cheap pressboard, and the side tabs are structurally weak and break. It’s off putting but the set is well worth doing my own repairs. I have two, and will purchase another one or two. But before I hang that sling, I will either reinforce bu gluing a second back on it, or Instead of hanging it on the wall screw it directly into studs making sure both tabs are well anchored. see less
By Harold L. Fields on March 25, 2020
Question:What is the weight capacity? I own this but cant seem to find the max weight.
Answer:I don't know. My Nayla is only 8.5 pounds. It's mounted in studs so there has been no issues.
By Ann Mundy on October 13, 2017
My 17 pound cat broke it. Cheap plywood Construction
By Levi on October 14, 2017
My heaviest cat is 13lb and he is totally fine on it.
By Mari. Krum on October 14, 2017
Question:The back wall to the hammock completely disintegrated on one end. Can I purchase just that piece? It's been over a year.
Answer:We reinforced ours by cutting a piece of wood the same shape and reinforcing all the pieces with large washers. Stud mount only... cats do put all their weight going down in their front legs and pull up to go up. These have lasted us 2 years so far with amended mounting techniques and hardware. Still a great price for them in my opinion. see less
By Lisa VanValkenburgh on November 20, 2020
Question:Why does the condo have 4 holes if it comes only with two compatible screws?
Answer:The two outer holes are for 16-inch studs, while the two inner holes are for 12-inch studs (less common)
By Lamont on February 9, 2020
Question:I’m missing a screw for one of the steps - how can I get one sent to me???
Answer:take one to your local hardware store and buy another make sure you have lag bolts so they do not come out of the wall. my cat loves this!!
By LAURA W. on August 3, 2018
Question:Has anyone found additonal steps? I need a few more and want them to match everything else.
Answer:I was able to get an adidtonal step by contacting the manufacturer directly.
By Nerissa E Jack on April 2, 2018
Question:Putting together the hammock. Am I really supposed to be drilling 8 holes into the board to attach the hardware? This can't be right.
Answer:You just screw the 8 screws to the back board to attach the metal hooks that attach to the mounted hooks
By Lamont on February 9, 2020
Question:My product did not come with any screws or instructions. How do I mount in what screws do I need to use
Answer:Mine did come with all the mounting screws. I'd notify the company and have them send them to you. I've had my things on the wall for a couple of weeks now and I don't believe my cats have been up there yet. :) I'm hopeful they will eventually explore.
By Arlene S. on November 4, 2017
Question:How do i get assembly instructions? there was nothing in the box regarding assembly, so where are the "extended assembly instructions"?
Answer:We didn’t get instructions either but I would recommend getting better screws.
By Amazon Customer on December 28, 2019
I’m not sure I received any either. I found it very simple
By Joey on December 28, 2019
Question:Does this work for large cats? 20lbs?
Answer:Not as is... you can however beef up by adding a piece of particle/wood board shaped like the original back mount pieces and large/wide washers and achieve better stability and durability. As is a 15lb cat is max and only if they can't jump down to it. We did this amending and it was still cheaper and better looking than anything on market. I got two kits... we mounted cubby to ceiling... they love that! Oh, and hitting a stud is a must. Hope that helps. see less
By Lisa VanValkenburgh on September 12, 2020
Short answer - yes .... however we used toggle bolts, not the hardware that came w the product. The product is well made , so if it’s attached properly it should hold just fine. (20lb kitty ??😊)
By Cindeee on September 12, 2020
I'd say no. My cats weigh 10 lbs. each and three pieces I secured to the wall are loose and sag after a year of use.
By S Myers on September 12, 2020
I'm sure it would be fine if you secure it to the wall properly.
By Greg Neeley on September 12, 2020
Question:What size drywall screws did folks use?
Answer:I used 2 inch long #6 dry wall screws and 5/8" long #8 dry wall screws to replace both sizes that came with the mounting kit. Seems to work really well. If you go bigger in diameter you might not be able to get them through the pre drilled holes in the brackets. Don't go longer than 5/8" or your screws will come through the back and potentially scratch your cat see less
By Amazon Customer on January 21, 2019
I used 2 inch long #6 dry wall screws and 5/8" long #8. Seems to work really well. If you go bigger in diameter you might not be able to get them through the pre drilled holes in the brackets. Don't go longer than 5/8" or your screws will come through the back and potentially scratch your cat
By Amazon Customer on January 21, 2019
I just took the fake screws that it came with to the store and home depot gave me equivalent real screws... Sry do not know exact specs
By Charles on January 6, 2019
So far they love them. Our two cats are climbers and have seemed to feel a new sense of adventure with these sturdy items taking them to new heights. ;)
By Amazon Customer on January 7, 2019
My dad installed it for me but I'm pretty sure they were 3in possibly 6. But we did have to put a few extra in to make sure it was completely secured
By Monica L. Ludford on January 5, 2019
Whatever they sent with the product. Everything you need to install it is included with the product.
By MetalMom63 on January 7, 2019

