About this item
Hand-crafted beautiful, large, and sleek design
Perfect play structure to bring out the acrobat in your cat
Gives cats an outlet for their climbing needs
Fabric can be easily removed for washing
Add a touch of the wild by adding cat friendly plants
Age Range Description: All Stages
Included Components: 10 Planks, 4 Planters, 2 Escape Hatches, 1 Sisal Pole, And 10 Fabric Pieces
Question:I don't see any brackets. How does it mount to the wall?
Answer:Thanks for your inquiry. This item uses our patent-pending Cat Mod hidden bracket systems. The mounting brackets are the same width as the planks themselves and are hidden within each plank. You can see them as a sliver of metal if you look closely at some of the photos.

There is a 3/4" piece of the plank that comes off, which the mounting bracket is hidden behind. The fabric hammocks are secured between the bottom wall-mounted section of the plank and this top piece covers the mounting hardware once the item is fully installed. see less
By CatastrophiCreations SELLER  on December 2, 2017
Question:Does this come with everything in the picture (apart from the plants)?
Answer:Yes, it does. Pots for the plants are included too.
By CatastrophiCreations SELLER  on February 21, 2018
Question:How big of a cat will this structure hold? One of my cats weight 21 pounds.
Answer:Al of our furniture has been tested to hold 62 lbs per hammock and 85 lbs per wooden piece. As long as the furniture is installed into studs and according to the instructions, the furniture will be very sturdy for your cat.
By CatastrophiCreations SELLER  on May 6, 2019
Question:Does the chestnut/natural set in nclude everything in the picture including the planters??
Answer:Yes, the Cat Mod Garden Complex will include everything seen in the photo, including the planter and planter pot, though not the actual plants!
By CatastrophiCreations SELLER  on August 28, 2019
Yes. The planter orientation can be reversed from left to right by flipping the top part of that bracket. The plastic planters are included.
By Amazon Customer on August 27, 2019
Yes, it includes the planters but no plants.
By Daniel Gaskell on August 27, 2019
Question:Can these shelves be installed onto concrete walls?
Answer:All of our furniture can be installed into concrete walls. We suggest using a masonry bit and, for screws, we suggest using Tapcon.
By CatastrophiCreations SELLER  on September 27, 2019
It doesn’t come with the proper hardware to mount to concrete. You’ll need to buy a masonry drill bit and anchors for the screws.
By Daniel Gaskell on September 27, 2019
Question:Will this hold up well outside? I want to install it in a central courtyard.
Answer:No. The CatastrophiCreations cat products are meant to be used indoors as house cats cannot freely exercise outside. The products are made with natural wood and cloth which would deteriorate in an outdoor environment.

The CatastrophicCreation products are secured to a homes wall studs or dry wall.
Any change to the wood to make waterproof for outside use could possibly make it toxic to cats.
Why not install it inside? Or, build a Catio? see less
By Hotmama on April 9, 2021
No. With the wooden parts and the hard card board type stuff under the scratch post if it gets wet it will be ruined!
By mom2girls on April 9, 2021
Question:My apartment has a modern minimalist construction, mainly white/grey/black. would onyx/charcoal match? any pictures? thanks
Answer:There is a swatch shown on the listing photo for Onyx (stain)/Charcoal Gray (fabric) which is the only photo we have on Amazon at this time.
By CatastrophiCreations SELLER  on February 12, 2020
Question:Will this mount securely to metal studs and or drywall only?
Answer:Not sure about the metal studs, but the drywall is a no go. It is built to measure out with your studs. Also we had a couple of extra pieces so we did put one in drywall only. Now it says it can hold 10 pounds BUT when your 10 pound cat jumps on it disaster! The anchor we used pulled right out!
By mom2girls on April 9, 2021
Question:2 of the wall planks does not come apart to insert the fabric. The anchor female screw just spins when i tried to take off the male screw. Fix?
Answer:It sound like it’s stripped. I never took mine completely apart.
By Shirley Wingett on October 20, 2019
Question:For $621, are you also shipped magic wish-granting cats?!?
Answer:Mine unfortunately did not come with this magic wish-granting cat.
By mom2girls on April 9, 2021
Question:My cat weights 24 lb, will this hold him? He jumps from the floor to his 6 foot tower and the force has cause him to break 2 cat towers so far.
Answer:My chonkers isn’t 24lbs, but he’s still a hefty boy that puts all of his weight into his jumps too, and this set has withstood him so far.
By Mike G on June 15, 2019
I think they have a video of a 50 lb child playing on it, so your cat should be fine, as long as you mount it in studs
By Tom on June 15, 2019
Question:can you buy the pieces seperately?
Answer:Yes you can buy small parts and build as you need, you can visit their website if amazon doesnt have what you need
By Tom on June 15, 2019
Check their website directly; they do sell separate shelves and pieces. I’ve seen separate pieces on Amazon as well.
By Mike G on June 15, 2019

