About this item
Overall size:18.11"Lx11.81"Wx90"-116"H. Notice：Please try to place it against the wall.We also recommend you look carefully of our cat tree's adapted ceiling height range before purchasing.
High quality faux fur, natural jute posts durable for long time scratch and two play ball for fun. And if the height of your roof is more than 116 inches, please contact us, we will send you the post for free, but the shipping cost need to pay by yourself, thank you.If you want to replace our cat tree's hanging ball,you can search for B07Y854GC5 to purchase the replacement hanging ball.
It can let cats play and exercise, so they can keep a good shape and have a healthier body.And the hammock is bigger than before.So it is very comfortable for cat to sleep and relax.
We offer another two small platform for small or fat cat to jump up and down.Attention：New fixing method: If you don't want to make holes in the wall or wood, an adhesive fixing device is prepared. Clip the fixing device between the two stickers on the back and paste it to the place you want to fix. (The adhesion of the sticker is very strong, please paste it once) The method of turning holes and sticking, please choose the fixed method which you like.
WITH A INNOVATIVE FIXING TOOL TO ENHANCE THE STABILITY, SAFE AND USEFUL! （Attention：you can either use the fixing security tool either to wall or wood board, if you do not want to make hole on wall or wood, please consider carefully before purchasing）
Question:In the questions it mentions drilling into ceiling or wall, but the photos show a pressure type system with no drilling, is drilling a hole required?
Answer:The tree itself has a threaded rod that inserts into the end cap so that you can adjust the length and use pressure against the ceiling. It also comes with a couple of brackets that can be mounted onto the tree to anchor it to the wall with screws. I highly recommend using the brackets if you can. I didn't use them and the tree nearly fell on my head...with all three cats fast asleep in the hammocks. They weren't pleased about the sudden interruption of their naps, and I was reminded of a certain nursery rhyme involving a cradle in a tree. LOL I hope this helps. :-) see less
By Eileen M. on July 30, 2018
No, it's a rotating pressure type top. Just check it weekly to make sure your thunderpaws is not spinning is loose with the climbing on it! :)
By Kay H on July 29, 2018
Question:I live in an apartment and need to avoid huge holes. How big are the holes created by the wall mountings?
Answer:The holes don't have to be big. I would recommend you make sure you're drilling the screws into a stud, not just the drywall. The drywall won't hold it properly. It works really nice and is solid and stable when you drill into the wooden studs. Hopefully you have a stud finder or can maybe borrow one. They're not too expensive and might be worth having one in your toolbox for finding a secure attachment point in the future. My cat is a big fan of the tree and it's nice to have the rope on all sections. Gives her exercise and allows her to climb high when she wants. see less
By A Rios on October 24, 2017
Just one brace with a normal sized screw is needed. As long as you have normal height ceilings for the top to secure
By Brittany Hogg on October 24, 2017
Question:Do you have to afix this item to the ceiling?? I have very very tall ceilings (way higher than the tree) will this tree work for me?
Answer:hi，if our tree can not fix to your ceiling. But never mind, we have a set fixing tool, just fix to either wall or wood is Ok.
By Roypet SELLER  on July 6, 2017
Question:I was thinking of getting this for my basement, but the ceiling is only 6ft. Do you think this will fit?
Answer:It should fit. You can just not use one of the sections
By Tim S. on February 26, 2018
You should be able to. Just do not place one of the rope posts on so that it is shorter.
By ✨ on February 26, 2018
Question:Is there a way to purchase a replacement wall bracket and mounting sticker? I mistakenly positioned the tree a bit off-kilter.
Answer:I wish I could help? Contact the seller maybe? 🤷🏼‍♂️
By Ranger on February 3, 2020
Question:My ceiling is slanted. Would I still be able to affix it to the ceiling?
Answer:if you use the mounting bracket and attach it to the wall. but no the top pad does not slant to put on a slanting cieling. but to be honest I had to put the metal l bracket on anyways because with just the ceiling mount it fell over. so yes it'll work but you'll need to use the metal l bracket and screw into the wall.
By Sean auter on January 13, 2018
No. I've found the top of the post, which is supposed to stabilize by pressure, is not very useful anyway. The post should be affixed to the wall, and comes with one bracket for doing so. (I will probably need a second bracket as I put the first one pretty far down, and now the top of the post leans away from the wall, no matter how many times I "tighten" it to my ceiling.) see less
By DC on January 16, 2018
The post doesn’t bend at the top. However, as a suggestion maybe a slanted wooden block can me used if you anchor it properly.
By regina on January 13, 2018
I would say so.. plus you have two other braces to assure it’s stability.
By Buck on January 13, 2018
Yes you can.You could use the brackets to stabilize it .
By Amazon Customer on January 13, 2018
Question:The description says the height can be adjusted to 102-106". Does this mean it only fits 9' ceilings? I have an 8' ceiling, so it will not work?
Answer:Don’t buy this product. It is very unstable. It has crashed all the way over once and we have caught it from falling over several times. We have tried to tighten it to the ceiling several times but it never holds. The top ceiling support is carpeted and slides very easily when the cats jump off.
By April M Murray on December 9, 2021
Question:What screws and/or bolts are needed for the top scratching post and the part that is touching the ceiling? I lost them moving.
Answer:12 inch plus long 14 mm bolt. No head so both ends can attach to the pole and pad.
By patty on February 4, 2021
the product page on Amazon shows the parts.
By Michael E on February 4, 2021
Question:How big is the round hammock part? is it like the one on the trixie pet product baza cat trees?
Answer:According to the product description for the Trixie baza, their hammock is 20" in diameter. The Roypet hammock is smaller - maybe a foot in diameter or slightly over. The metal ring is also a little bit flexible and droops with a cat in it. There is a review with photos and a video - that should help give you an idea of how your cat would fit. see less
By Once Burned on January 23, 2018
About 12 inch diameter and 6-7 inches deep. It took them a while to use them but now both of my cats curl up in them often. One up top and one down below!
By Sarah on January 27, 2018
Hi, it is 30cm DIAMETER for the hammock.
By Roypet SELLER  on January 24, 2018
Not sure of exact dimensions, but pretty good size. My 17 pound fat cat can curl up in it
By Brittany Corder on January 26, 2018
about 12 inches across and 5 deep
By Kay H on January 26, 2018
Question:Any creative people successfully shortened the height? We need it to be 7-8" shorter
Answer:just remove one of the section. the final section has a considerable adjustment hight, my ceiling was just about right without the extension, I added some of the platforms from my old tree under it to make it secure as I didn't have room for the top section.
By setzco on December 17, 2018
Question:Will this work with a popcorn ceiling?
Answer:I don't see why not. Whe have some sort of fluffy design on the ceiling. The most important part to make it stable is anchoring it to the wall.
By SWR on June 4, 2018
I would have to say yes, make sure you attach the stabilizing bars to the wall. I have 11 rescue cats and even though they raise hell on it, they can't ruin it. I absolutely love it.
By kat lady on June 7, 2018
Question:My ceiling is about 10.5 feet tall, and I was wondering if there is a way to purchase separate pieces to add onto it to make it taller?
Answer:You can purchase another post(column) from our Amazon store.
By Roypet SELLER  on June 28, 2019
I wouldn’t even buy this thing. What a waste of money I couldn’t figure out how to secure it.
By Susie706 on July 2, 2019

