About this item
Hand-crafted & simple to mount cat shelving
Gives cats an outlet for their climbing needs
Hidden brackets create a beautiful floating design
Can attach to any Cat Mod hammock system, or used as a standalone shelf
Simple to Mount
Question:How deep are these shelves? is there a weight capacity? i have a 20lb miane coon.
Answer:The Cat Mod shelves are 11" in depth. Our solid wooden shelves will hold up to 84lbs when installed according to our instructions. We have also done a lot of weight testing on our items to make sure they work for the majority of cats. As long as the shelves are mounted into at least one stud they held a great deal of weight; though the hammock pieces need to be mounted into studs with each plank to achieve the same sturdiness. see less
By CatastrophiCreations SELLER  on March 12, 2018
11" deep and my 15 pound male is fine on them with another cat. We have them mounted into the studs on the walls for the added support.
By Julie F on March 11, 2018
Dimensions: Total Width: 34" Total Height: 3" Depth: 11"
By Benjamin Saro on March 14, 2018
Question:Would this shelf be large enough to fit a cat and a feeder dish?
Answer:This shelf is 34" W and 11" D. It will definitely fit a cat. As far as the feeder dish goes, if you're referring to a standalone feeder dish to set on top of the shelf then that will depend on the dish. If you're referring to the add-on Cat Mod Feeder then this can connect directly to either end of this 34" Shelf.
- https://www.amazon.com/CatastrophiCreations-Handcrafted-Elevated-English-Chestnut/dp/B071RTVY5G?ref_=bl_dp_s_web_16069839011 see less
By CatastrophiCreations SELLER  on July 5, 2019
This is a very large shelf. Our cat loves it! There is definitely space to put a food bowl while allowing even a large cat to sit or lie down.
By J. Wittenberg on July 6, 2019
Question:Is there fabric material (for cats to grip) on the top-face of the shelf?
Answer:This item does not have any fabric attached to the top of it, but your cat should be able to grip and find traction on the shelf just fine! We sand the furniture tops with a rough finish for increased traction and leaving the sides and bottoms sanded fine for a clean, finished look.
By CatastrophiCreations SELLER  on May 22, 2020
no, but there is a lot of texture in the wood. It's not slippery at all but it also doesn't cause slivers. It's hard to explain but they don't need material to grip on. They can get enough traction on the wood alone. My cats use them all the time and have no issues.
By Amazon Customer on May 22, 2020
No. That would make it even better. You'd have to add your own.
By Phil50 on May 22, 2020
Not in the pieces I purchased
By marWriter on May 22, 2020
Question:I want to install this under a window. if centered, i won’t be able to mount this on studs. can i use anchors?
Answer:You can install our 18"/34" Shelves and 18"/34" Escape Hatches with one bracket into a stud and the other bracket with anchors and still have a very sturdy hold. However, we don't recommend using anchors for both brackets with this product.
By CatastrophiCreations SELLER  on April 20, 2020
You can use anchors but depending on the weight of your cats and the amount of use the shelves may start to loosen even with the achors.
By Kindle Customer on April 18, 2020
Question:Does anyone have a picture of the brackets and/or installation? I'm not clear on how these attach to the wall.
Answer:Our furniture mounts using hidden brackets which gives the furniture its floating look when installed. On the top of the shelf are two pairs of screws that, when removed, release the plank bottoms. These plank bottoms have the hidden brackets pre-attached. If you'd like to message us, we'd be happy to send photos for clarification. see less
By CatastrophiCreations SELLER  on February 12, 2020
Question:Is there space for a cat to turn around? I want them to be able to exit the shelf the same side they enter from.
Answer:All of our bamboo items have a standard depth of 11" and we haven't received any feedback regarding cats having a difficult time turning on the furniture. The furniture is tested by the owners' cats, a few of whom are large-breed, so your cat should have no trouble maneuvering on the 34" Shelf!

If you do encounter any issues, please feel free to reach out to us directly and we'd be happy to help! see less
By CatastrophiCreations SELLER  on February 22, 2021
Yes and I have fairly large cats too, they should easily be able to get up and down from the same side. They look nice as well
By Kathy on February 20, 2021
It is a little narrow, but I have a really large cat and he seems to have no issues turning around and lying down. Personally, I am thinking about adding some carpeting for traction because the smooth wood makes me nervous. But my cat doesn't seem to mind at all,
By Phil50 on February 20, 2021
I have a fat adult and he could turn around, no problem.
By marWriter on February 20, 2021
