About this item
Hand-crafted beautiful & functional pet furniture
Perfect play structure to bring out the acrobat in your cat
Gives cats an outlet for their climbing needs
Fabric can be easily removed for washing
Perfect starter hammock & simple to mount!
Question:Are these simple to mount on whatever wall?
Answer:Our furniture is designed for mounting into studs at 16" apart. If you have concrete/cement walls, you can still install our furniture but you will need a masonry bit and masonry screws.
By CatastrophiCreations SELLER  on July 3, 2019
You would need a drill or lots of strength to properly secure into wall studs.
By MelanieF on July 3, 2019
Question:How much weight can these hold? I have some pretty beefy kitties, one is 17 pounds. With proper mounting will these hold my fat cats?
Answer:The furniture is designed to be installed directly into studs spaced 16" apart. When installed in this way, each mounting point has been weight-tested to hold 85 lbs without issue, and the hammocks can hold that amount as well. Your beefy kitties are more than welcome to stretch out on our Lounge!
By CatastrophiCreations SELLER  on January 11, 2021
Not sure. Just make sure they’re mounted correctly on studs. My cat is 17lbs and holds him quite well.
By Andrea Horlick on January 10, 2021
Question:Is this just for the one shelf or a set of shelves?
Answer:One shelf
By MelanieF on July 3, 2019
Question:Canvas arrived without wood brackets… are they usually shipped separately?
Answer:When we ordered the hammock everything came together, so the wood brackets should've been with the canvas.
By Sandra on November 13, 2021
I have always received brackets and canvas together in same box. Sounds like something went wrong in packing.
By Amazon Customer on November 13, 2021
Mine were shipped together. But, it was a few years ago.
By Andrea Horlick on November 13, 2021a
Question:How wide is the fabric? Like from the wall?
Answer:The fabric is 10.5" wide and will be nearly flush against the wall when installed.
By CatastrophiCreations SELLER  on August 27, 2020
The fabric is 10” wide (from the wall); the bracket that holds the fabric is 11” from the wall.
By Kindle Customer on August 26, 2020
I’m not sure. I bought 4 of these and never used them. They are still in the box.
By Andrea Horlick on August 21, 2020
Question:Do these need to be attached to a stud? Or can they go anywhere on the wall? Thanks!
Answer:Our furniture is designed to be mounted into studs as this provides the best sturdiness when cats apply weight to the items. Hammock items like the Cat Mod Lounge here should either be installed with each bracket into a stud or installed with toggle anchors for each bracket. Solid items like shelves and Escape Hatches can be installed with one bracket into a stud and the other bracket installed with either drywall anchors or toggle anchors.

If you do use drywall anchors, we don't recommend this as being used for primary support. During our many weight tests, we found that even the most heavy duty drywall anchor was not able to withstand the force of a cat jumping onto the shelving, and eventually, the brackets pulled out of the wall (usually taking some of the wall with it).

Additionally, you can use Toggle Anchors as either primary or supplementary support. I will provide a link to the Toggle Anchors we've weight tested with and have found to be extremely sturdy and fairly easy to install.
- https://www.amazon.com/Self-drilling-Toggle-Drywall-Anchors-Screws/dp/B016TYQXGU/ see less
By CatastrophiCreations SELLER  on March 16, 2018
Stud is best. Good anchors will be needed if not in stud.
By Tammy Parrish on March 15, 2018
