About this item
MULTI LEVEL ACTIVITY CENTER- The four level design of this PETMAKER Cat tree provides numerous levels of fun and allows your favorite feline to jump and explore the cat tower. Perfect for cats that love to climb, and for multiple cat use!
COZY LOUNGING AREAS- Cats love nothing more than to snuggle up after exercising. Each tier contains plush and comfy areas for your furry friend to peacefully relax or nap. The cat condo is an ideal cove for hiding and sleeping, while the platforms and perch area lets your cat fulfill their need of sitting at a higher level and allow them to look out over their surroundings.
SCRATCH AND PLAY SPACE- The tiered cat tree has multiple scratching posts to give your cat a healthy outlet for their scratching needs, instead of using your furniture or carpet! The sisal rope scratchers on the cat tower are naturally durable and safe for your pet to use and the differing levels of the posts also help cats to stretch and tone muscle. Not only is this the perfect scratching platform, it is also ideal for playing and even features a dangling toy for endless hours of entertainment.
PRODUCT DETAILS- Dimensions: 19.5” (L) x 15.75” (W) x 47.75”(H). Color: Beige. Spot clean or hand vacuum. Particle board construction covered in 100% polyester plush fabric, sisal scratching post. Recommended for all cats and kittens 10 weeks or older
Question:Is it already assembled?
Answer:No you have to assemble but it's very easy to do
By Gonzales on May 12, 2019
No, you have to put it together but it is fairly simple to do.
By Kindle Customer on May 13, 2019
No, but it was pretty straightforward and didn't take very long to do.
By TE on May 12, 2019
No, but it’s very easy to put together.
By Maun on May 13, 2019
Yes
By Kathleen Wheeler on May 13, 2019
Question:Where is this product made?
Answer:I'm not sure but I returned mine, very flimsy for an adult cat
By Pauline Long on December 27, 2020
Question:Screw comes through the bottom of the enclosure. it is going to be too sharp for my kitten. if i screwed in less it’s not stable. what to do ?
Answer:I checked and we couldn’t even feel the screw inside the enclosure.
By Richard Eller on April 12, 2020
