About this item
MULTI LEVEL ACTIVITY CENTER- The three level design of this PETMAKER Cat tree provides numerous levels of fun and allows your favorite feline to jump and explore the cat tower. Perfect for cats or kittens that love to climb, and for multiple cat use!
COZY LOUNGING AREAS- Cats love nothing more than to snuggle up after exercising. Each tier contains plush and comfy areas for your furry friend to peacefully relax or nap. The cat condo is an ideal cove for hiding and sleeping, while the platforms and perch area lets your cat fulfill their need of sitting at a higher level and allows them to look out over their surroundings.
SCRATCH AND PLAY SPACE- The tiered cat tree has multiple scratching posts to give your cat a healthy outlet for their scratching needs, instead of using your furniture or carpet! The sisal rope scratchers on the cat tower are naturally durable and safe for your kitten to use and the differing levels of the posts also help cats to stretch and tone muscle. Not only is this the perfect scratching platform, it is also ideal for playing and even features a dangling toy for endless hours of entertainment.
PRODUCT DETAILS- Dimensions: 21.25” (L) x 16 (W) x 31”(H). Color: Beige. Spot clean or hand vacuum. Particle board construction covered in 100% polyester plush fabric, sisal scratching post. Best for kittens and small cats.
Question:Do the cats actually use this for sharpening their claws? Or do they mostly use it for sleeping/playing?
Answer:Our cat uses the scratching posts on all the levels. The round sleeping hut is very small, good only for kittens. The top perch is nice but if you have a large cat.....this cat tree is not going to work.
By Debbie on January 21, 2022
Both! He mostly just sleeps on it now that he's older though.
By AmaFan on January 21, 2022
Both! He mostly just sleeps on it now that he's older though.
By AmaFan on January 21, 2022
Question:Is the carpet glued or stapled on?
Answer:I believe the carpet is glued on? I returned it so I'm not 100%. I returned it because it was too small for my cats though the quality is good. Hope this helps?
By maria… on March 30, 2020
The fabric that looks like rather thin carpeting is glued and them stapled on the corners My cats just sit on it but they do scratch the poles thata are covered with twine like material and seems to be hardy
By Deborah Stinson on March 28, 2020
Glued up.
By mandone on March 28, 2020
It’s glued on.
By MCS on March 28, 2020
Both
By skidad on March 28, 2020
Question:Is it for large cAts
Answer:Now that my kittens are adult size, they still love and use the cat tree. They don’t really go inside the cubby hole anymore but they love to sleep and look out the window from the top part of the cat tree and the scratching posts help a lot. All in all, they use and climb all over this item everyday. We are happy with this purchase. see less
By Robin Woolwine on January 2, 2021
Any size cat would be able to climb and play in the shelves.
By Bill Loyd on January 2, 2021
Don't think so mine is large and he didn't really fit in the cubbie
By Jorge Guerrero on January 3, 2021
My largest car, 10 lbs, loves this. They aren’t big fans of the cubby hole but the little ones use that!
By strgzr1217 on January 2, 2021
