About this item
ROOMY AND ENJOYABLE: Nicely cushioned and large platform with raised edging for your fur babies to sit on and look out the window, spacious hideaway house with plenty of lounging room for your kitties to sleep, sisal scratching posts to deter cats from clawing up your furniture, cozy hammock, plush tunnel, interactive jingly ball and sisal twine to play with, several layers layout for climbing up and down. This cat condo will be large enough for your big cat, fun enough for your little one
STURDY AND STABLE: Super solid construction, well balanced design, strong base, cats can easily and safely leap on or off this cat tree. It also comes with a wall anchor strap to attach it to the wall for extra stability when you have multiple cats using it
QUALITY PLUSH COVERING: The cat tower is composed of good quality plush material, which is very soft and comfortable, your furry family members will love the plush touch and enjoy exploring and sniffing around its new home, no scratching your furniture anymore
EASY TO ASSEMBLE AND NICE LOOKING: Its attractive look will compliment any room in your house like a piece of nice pet furniture rather than a jungle gym. All the hardware and tools are included
SIZE: 37.8"L x 21.3"W x 61.0"H (96 x 54 x 155cm), perfect for large kitties/adult cats
Question:My new rescue is kind of "fluffy." 15 lbs. Will she be able to fit inside the tube area and the box area?
Answer:My cats each weigh 12 lbs. They are long hair but not fluffy. Each one has slept in the box area comfortably. Only one side of the box is firm...3 sides are fabric and stretch a little for comfort. Each cat also plays in the tube. Diameter of tube is 8 inches. Plus there is an opening in the top of the tube that is 6 inches in diameter. They poke their head out and sit like at a table! I hope this helps you make a decision. see less
By Mimi Wilki on November 19, 2018
I would say your cat could fit just fine.
My cat, Kira, is about 8-10 lbs and fits with lots of room to spare.
It’s a sturdy cat tree. Kira hits it at a run and it doesn’t wobble or top. We do not have it secured to the wall. The top bed is soft with super soft edges. Took Kira a couple of weeks to get to the top. Now it is her favorite place to sleep or to grab my hair when I walk past.
I would recommend this cat tree. Just be aware it is pretty big. see less
By Cat on November 18, 2018
Yes, mine is 16-17lbs and he fits fine. He prefers the top bed though cause he likes to spread out. So she will fit it just depends on how she like to lay down.
By EchoFelicis25 on November 17, 2018
I have a fluffy as well and she fits inside just fine and loves it!
By Jenn on November 17, 2018
Yes my cat Weighs 12 pounds and fit nicely
By lori c. on November 18, 2018
No I be a seven pound cat who can't.
By Angel S on November 17, 2018
I think she should have no problem
By Della on November 24, 2018
Question:Is this item going to come back into stock in light grey? I've been told multiple times yes to no avail. Please advise.
Answer:Dear Honored Customer,
Thanks so much for your question about the cat tree. The light grey is going to come back into stock in about 3-4 days as there are some delays for the warehouse entering. Any questions, please feel free to let us know. Best regards,
Your BEWISHOME Team Support
By BEWISHOME SELLER  on February 25, 2019
Question:The pictures are a bit confusing as to what color the grey is. Is it a very light grey or a darker grey? I’ve seen both in the pictures. Thanks!
Answer:i just went back and it looks like the light grey is sold out so only the darker grey is available now in this model. it's wonderful though, my cats love it
By Amazon Customer on February 7, 2019
I bought the light grey one and my friend bought the darker grey one. there should be 3 colors to choose from. If you look at the reviews you will see pictures of mine (light grey)
By Amazon Customer on February 7, 2019
This cat tree has three colors, brown, beige and grey, and the grey is dark grey.
By BEWISHOME SELLER  on February 8, 2019
Question:What is the dimensions of the top platform? What is the dimensions of.the platform that the condo is on?
Answer:Dear Honored Customer,
Thanks a lot for your question.
The dimensions of the top platform is 15.75"*15.75".
Hope it helps.
Best wishes,
Your BEWISHOME Team Support
By bewishhome001 on December 9, 2019
About 15”x15”
By Amazon Customer on December 6, 2019
