About this item
Meant to be installed over 4 studs at 16” apart
Fabric is pre-cut, hemmed, removable and washable
Hidden brackets give the furniture a floating look
Weight tested: 62 lbs per hammock; 85 lbs per wooden piece
Easy to navigate mounting instructions
Included components: 6 Planks, 1 Escape Hatch, 2 Ladder Pieces, and 5 Fabric Pieces
Question:Are you able to mount it facing the other direction?
Answer:As a Cat Mod complex, the Cat Mod Play is modular and will come to you disassembled, so you can either install the furniture with the original template in the photo, reverse it, or come up with your own unique layout.
By CatastrophiCreations SELLER  on November 5, 2019
Question:Will these damage the walls of my apartment? (Security deposit)
Answer:Yes. You have to drill through the drywall into the studs inside the wall to get the required attachment. The set can be removed and screw holes will remain. Minor patchwork will fix the holes.
By Palatine Dad on May 17, 2019
yes, you have to use 3 screws to hold each bracket to the wall. there's 8 brackets
By fsm on May 14, 2019
Question:the description says it comes with two ladders, but only one is depicted; which is correct?
Answer:Hello. Thank you for your question and I apologize for the confusion. There are 2 Ladder Pieces that come with the complex. Those Ladder Pieces are for the one ramp section (ladder section).
By CatastrophiCreations SELLER  on June 8, 2018
Question:How do you remove cloth for cleaning?
Answer:The fabric is held by two pieces - the mounting plank bottom (installed into your wall) and the top piece. You can simply remove the top piece by uninstalling the two screws, which will allow you to lift the fabric free. We recommend machine-washing with a cold, gentle cycle and hang-drying to keep the fabric from shrinking or becoming frayed. see less
By CatastrophiCreations SELLER  on August 7, 2020
Question:Will this handle a large maine coon?
Answer:We have a lot of large breed cat-clients such as Maine Coons, Savannahs, and Ragdolls! Each shelf or plank can hold 85 lbs and the hammocks have been tested to hold up to 120 lbs.
By CatastrophiCreations SELLER  on March 9, 2020
Question:How big is the hole in the hatch I have a large cat will he be able to go through it?
Answer:The Escape Hatch's hole is 8 inches (20.32 cm) in diameter. We have plenty of customers with big cats (Maine Coon, Savannah, etc) that make use of the Escape Hatch hole with no issue!
By CatastrophiCreations SELLER  on April 30, 2020
