About this item
Exclusive luxury for cats: Your feline friends need a cozy home of their own to play, take a Nap or jump around; this cat house is sure to be their dream-come-true
All-in-one relaxing spot: double condos with roomy space inside and plush basket offer luxurious napping experience; top perches with raised edge allow your cat rest on its head while watching over the house
Sisal-covered scratching posts: reinforced posts are wrapped with natural sisal rope all over the surface to allow nail scratching and promote exercising; this cat tree is the perfect spot for your cats to jump around
Stability is always priority: constructed by carb-certified natural particle boards and strengthened with battens at the bottom to ensure overall stability; anti-toppling fittings are included for double security
100% satisfaction: SONGMICS provides customized and professional customer service before and after your purchase, we are happy to help anytime you need
Question:Will this stay stable with 3 medium sized cats?
Answer:Yes it will. It also has a wall mounting strap. We love ours and the cats do too.
By Feral Cat Sanctuary on October 22, 2018
I would say that it should, unless they are all going ham and jumping all over it all at once. I have two cats and it does wobble a bit if they are hyper and using it for playtime/wrestling, but has never come close to tipping over.
By Kailyn Pope on October 22, 2018
I have two medium-large cats that actively play on it and it holds strong
By Alaura Titus on October 22, 2018
Indeed it will. Though it came with the option of securing it to the wall, you probably won't need to.
By patch adams on December 30, 2018
Yes! Very sturdy. Very well made!
By donna a. on October 22, 2018
Question:Are the padded beds removable?
Answer:Yes, the padded beds are removable.
By Songmics Direct SELLER  on October 15, 2018
Yes with the awl that comes with it.
By Amazon Customer on October 13, 2018
Question:How do cats get from the 2nd to the 3rd level if the 3rd level is directly above the 2nd level & the 3rd level sticks out as far as the 2nd??
Answer:We were concerned about this, too, but there is a bit of room and she figured it out. She was tentative at first, but now she “totally owns it”. I recommend securing it with the wall anchor provided. Note: If your cat has trouble with jumping and climbing, you may want to look at other options. Our cat is a healthy 6 year old weighing 10lbs. She had vaccines a week ago and avoided the tree for 36 hours because she was sore, but now she’s back at it. see less
By Mary-Jane Traggis on January 3, 2019
My cats have no problem going from mid section (w square platform) up to first or second “bed” pedestal typically they jump to first one then up again. If you get it, pay close attention to differences in screws on first level/base set up. (I messed it up had to take it apart and start again at that point)
By Meowmeow on January 4, 2019
The levels are stacked just right. And well...cats are cats. Mine jump straight up onto 2nd level sometimes. Cat Tree sits near couch and they have no problems getting to top, even my older cat.
By shedgecock on January 3, 2019
I’ve never really watched, but I find my cats sitting on all levels. I did a test with a string to attract them and one jumped directly to the 3rd level - with ease.
By Amazin on January 4, 2019
My cat jumps to the third level with no problems at all. There's barely enough room to climb from one platform to the other with little obstruction as well.
By Stephen M on January 3, 2019
They don’t really go from the second to third. They jump up to the third level if they want, or to the second.
By Add on January 5, 2019
Question:What are the dimensions of the top perches?
Answer:14” x 14” x 1” for the perches themselves, but the beds built onto them are quite fluffy and add about 2” to each dimension
By Kailyn Pope on November 6, 2018
The dimensions are 13.8" x 13.8".
By Songmics Direct SELLER  on November 8, 2018
Question:Can I buy replacement scratching posts ?
Answer:I don't know but I need replacement parts too. The lower cat platform for them to lay on snapped. It should have lasted more than 1 1/2 years
By Barbara Driver on April 26, 2021
Question:Can the basket be put anywhere or does it have to go in that specific spot?
Answer:The basket part can be moved to another post but it is held in between 2 smaller post so just replace it where you want it on inital set up.
By Scott on July 27, 2018
Thank you for contacting SONGMICS.
Yes, its position is not fixed.
You can adjust it depending on your desire.
Should you have any additional questions, feel free to let us know.
SONGMICS Customer Care
By Songmics Direct SELLER  on July 27, 2018
You could use your imagination with this kit a little by swapping some leg positions. I'm playing with it a bit to keep things fun for my two cats.
By Greg Howard on July 29, 2018
It could go to the back pole or the top pole if you switched out the supports. It also moves to get out of the way!
By Amy on July 27, 2018
Question:What is the return policy for this item?
Answer:Not sure but I’m guessing w receipt etc shouldn’t be an issue. Putting it back in box 😳
By Meowmeow on January 4, 2019
Question:can the cat houses be anchored in a different place
Answer:No
By Amy on May 6, 2019
Question:How much weight can the baskets hold? Can a 16lb kitty sit in it without worry?
Answer:I think weight wise it would be fine based on how it’s made, I have 3 cats ranging in weight from 10lbs all the way to 20lbs. I honestly don’t think a 16lb cat would fit in it...it seems to be made well but small. My cats don’t ever use it, but love the rest of tree.
By Stephanie on December 18, 2018
Our big cats seem to use it without worry! They are 15 pounds.
By A. Veldhuisen on December 18, 2018
