About this item
ROOMY AND ENJOYABLE: 3 nicely cushioned and large platform beds with raised edging for your fur babies to sit on and look out the window, 2 spacious hideaway houses with plenty of lounging room for your kitties to sleep, sisal scratching posts to deter cats from clawing up your furniture, a cozy hammock, interactive jingly balls to play with, several layers layout for climbing up and down. This cat condo will be big enough for your large cat, fun enough for your little one
STURDY AND STABLE: Super solid construction, well balanced design, strong base, cats can easily and safely leap on or off this cat tree. This cat mansion also comes with a wall anchor strap to attach it to the wall for extra stability when you have multiple cats using it as an activity center
QUALITY PLUSH COVERING: The multi level cat tower is composed of good quality plush material, which is very soft and comfortable, your furry family members will love the plush touch and enjoy exploring and sniffing around its new home, no scratching your furniture any more
EASY TO ASSEMBLE AND NICE LOOKING: Its attractive look will compliment any room in your house like a piece of nice pet furniture rather than a jungle gym. All the hardware and tools are included
SIZE: 36.6"L x 30.7"D x 62.2"H (93 x 78 x 158cm), perfect for large kitties/adult cats
Question:How big are the houses
Answer:I have a few cats ranging from 5lbs up to 20lbs-ish. The top house uses the fabric as the actual walls and the bottom uses what I assume is MDF board. All of my cats use both houses on this model. The bigger ones, when using the top ‘house’ just push the fabric out a little.

I have had a few cat trees and this is by far the best one. The 3 perches all are big enough for my largest cat to sleep on comfortably. see less
By Sarah B on December 7, 2018
Thanks a lot for your question. The upper house is 14.2''L x 12.2''D x 9.8''H, the lower one is 24.0''L x 12.2''D x 9.8''H. You could also refer to the 8th picture in the Amazon's detail page. Thanks & B.rgds. Your BEWISHOME Team Support
By BEWISHOME SELLER  on December 9, 2018
The one on the bottom is quite large. My 18 pound cat can fit no problem. The one higher up is smaller but he still uses it (only about half of him fits) but my 5 pound cat lives it. The beds are also large enough for my big cat to be comfy. All in all, it's a great tree.
By Hafrican on December 7, 2018
Decently sized! I've got a large domestic short-hair ragdoll cross male and my brother has a large domestic short-hair Maine coon cross and they both fit in the cubbies well!
By PandaBoo on December 9, 2018
Have a huge Mainecoon cat how tall is this cat tree and will he fit?
By hector l. on August 9, 2021
Question:How big are the perches
Answer:About 12 -18 inches square. This is a big tower! i have 2 15-18 pound cats that love the perches, but love the hammock even more.
By blaise on November 30, 2018
Dear Brenda,
Thanks a lot for your question. The perches are 15.75 inches square. The detailed dimensions can also be seen in the eighth picture in the product detail page. Any other questions or requirements, please feel free to contact us.
Your BEWISHOME Team Support
By bewishhome001 on December 1, 2018
Question:How sturdy is it? my kitties are quite chunky and rambunctious.
Answer:Very sturdy. Our kitties are rambunctious too and they love it
By Amazon Customer on March 6, 2019
very sturdy.. my cats love it
By xiomara on March 6, 2019
Both my cats weigh 13 pounds each and it is sturdy with both on it. I am very happy with it plus it was easy to put together.
By P J on March 7, 2019
So far so good.
I’ve got 5 in multiple sizes and it hasn’t tipped or moved.
They love it!
By Krit76 on March 6, 2019
Question:how tall is it in inches, please?
Answer:62.2"
By Bonnie Busch on April 1, 2019
Question:I have a medium sized 16 year old cat. How tall is the bottom box off the ground? Will my elderly kitty be able to get in the tower easily?
Answer:She will not have any trouble, about 6 inches from floor.
By VALERIE OESTREICH I have to re… on March 26, 2019
Question:How big is the base
Answer:Dear Christine,
Thanks a lot for your question about the cat tree. The base is 21.65” X 23.62”. Detailed dimensions of the cat tree can be seen in the 8th picture.
Best wishes,
Your BEWISHOME Team Support see less
By BEWISHOME SELLER  on March 4, 2019
Question:Where is this made?
Answer:Dear Jeanette,
Thanks a lot for your question about the cat tree. They are made in China. Materials are CARB-certified natural particle boards and strengthened with battens at the bottom, sturdy posts with natural sisal rope. We are also a company which aims to provide every client excellent service and good-quality products and we stand behind we sell, so please feel free to buy it. Your complete satisfaction is our guarantee. No matter what issue you meet after the purchase, we promise to solve any problems till you are satisfied. Best wishes，
Your BEWISHOME Team Support see less
By BEWISHOME SELLER  on February 15, 2019
Question:I just received mine and when I was putting it together I noticed that the fabric on the smaller house is ripped. Is there anyway to get it replaced?
Answer:Contact Amazon support explain your situation they will either credit you or you can pack it back up and they will pay for the shipping and send you a new one
By Jim Thuesen on June 4, 2019
Question:What are the measurements of the base?
Answer:The base is only 23" wide and deep, but you will need about 4 feet of space. At the widest selection, it's 3 feet wide.
By Amazon Customer on January 16, 2019
Question:Can you please tell me how many inches the top 3 perches are?
Answer:The bottom of the perches are 14 inches, the padded sides come out to 16 inches and they are 3 1/2 inches high with padding. The posts they are on are 13 inches tall. Nicely padded. I hope this helps. My 2 babies love it.
By dianna hart on March 9, 2019
Thanks a lot for your question. The size is 15.75'' x 15.75'' for the top perch. If you have any other questions, please don't hesitate to let us know.
Thanks & B.rgds
Your BEWISHOME Team Support
By BEWISHOME SELLER  on March 9, 2019
The three are identical. 18 inches square, with an interior recessed portion that is 13 inches square. my two cats are about 20 pounds each, and they love getting on them, although it's a tight fit. 🌝
By Victoria Schultes on March 9, 2019
Question:Can I get this made in beige?
Answer:Dear Alex,
Thanks so much for your question about the cat tree. We are sorry to tell you that this model doesn’t have the beige version, but other models (MMJ01M, MMJ02M, MMJ04M) do have versions in beige. Hope this helps you. Any questions or requirements, please don’t hesitate to let us know. We will always be here to help you.
Your BEWISHOME Team Support see less
By BEWISHOME SELLER  on April 10, 2019
