About this item
INTERACTIVE DESIGN TO IMPROVE YOUR CAT'S WELLNESS: (I) For cats who love to climb & perch up high. (II) Great stimulation for young kittens & older cats. No age discrimination. (III) Stretch, scratch, jump, climb, perch, lounge & play
MODERN CAT FURNITURE: (I) Compared to the over-engineered cat trees which clutter your living space and actually limit your cat from climbing. That's what some cats believe curtains are now for : )
SAFETY FIRST EASY WALL MOUNTED ASSEMBLY: (I) Securely attaches to the wall providing a safe environment for your children and cat(s). (II) Includes zinc drywall anchors that can be attached to your wall with a hammer & screwdriver and also easily removed with just a screwdriver. No drilling required unless you prefer to anchor into studs or have plaster walls. (III) Estimate 15-20-minute total assembly time
PEACE OF MIND: (I) Premium E0 grade MDF passes formaldehyde safety regulations. (II) Product also passes stricter European REACH standards
YOU SHOULD NOW: (I) 24 x 20. 8 x 76. 8 inches (lwh). (II) Replacement posts available
Question:What is the final hight?
Answer:The final height is approximately 77 inches. I hope this helps!
By PetFusion SELLER  on December 7, 2018
Question:Did the materials smell of any chemicals upon arrival?
Answer:The ones I ordered didn't have any scent of chemicals.

Hopefully, these will last a long time. My kitties have very sharp claws.
By Anderson S. on December 6, 2018
No, not at all. Just the sisal smell which went away very quickly. Easy to set up and our two cats love it.
By Dr J on December 6, 2018
Mine did not at all.
By Ashley Young on December 6, 2018
Not that I noticed
By Kari on December 5, 2018
Question:Can I order additional platform pieces? Also, are there any baskets available that are compatible with this product?
Answer:Our cat tree was designed and tested in its current set up. If you add or remove platforms it could alter the stability of the item, so we do not recommend it. However, if you are still wanting to add more platforms, please email me at support@pet-fusion.com. There are not currently any baskets that are compatible with this product.
Kindest Regards,
Alexandra see less
By PetFusion SELLER  on July 20, 2020
No I had issues with my pole and was told separate pieces are not sold or offered for replacement
and there is no way to expand this unit to add addition items
By sam on July 19, 2020
This is pretty tall already an additional piece would make it well past 8-9 ft
By Elle L. on July 20, 2020
Question:Does the design account for the thickness of the baseboard, to allow the shelves (and anchor points) to be flush against the wall and level?
Answer:Yes, the design does account for baseboards. The shelves, once anchored are against the wall and level. If you would like some photos of my tree, please feel free to connect with me directly at support@pet-fusion.com. Kindest Regards, Alexandra
By PetFusion SELLER  on April 5, 2020
Not sure what baseboard thickness has to do with it, but it’s well-designed and not easy to screw up. The shelves should be flush as long as the base is oriented in the proper direction (indicated on a sticker and in the instructions). I still used a level to mark the screw points on the walls.
By Amazon Customer on April 6, 2020
Yes. The base is not as wide as the platforms. Mine actually sits about an inch away from the baseboard. The platforms sit flat against the wall and vertical pole.
By Amazon Customer on April 9, 2020
I also have a baseboard. The base plate still has a little distance to the baseboard. The shelves and anchor point are firmly attached to the wall without any gaps.
By Amazon Customer on April 6, 2020
With the upper levels flush mounted to the wall, there is about 1/2 inch offset on the base to allow for any baseboard at the bottom of the wall.
By R. L. Sun on April 5, 2020
The side that attaches into the wall has a clearance for baseboard on bottom piece. Cat loves it!
By Amazon Customer on April 5, 2020
Question:Is the sisel post made of cardboard underneath the rope?
Answer:The posts are very thick and strong so definitely not cardboard. This cat tree is amazing, very heavy duty and bigger in person. Just get it- you won’t be disappointed
By megan on February 6, 2020
It is made out of cardboard under the rope.,the ends have plastic caps for screwing in bolts which keeps the poles together but the poles themselves are made of thick cardboard. The other person responding here is incorrect.
By Dmeech on April 9, 2020
Question:Will my 18 lb Maine coon have trouble fitting through the holes? He's healthy and not over weight, just huge.
Answer:The holes are 8" across, I am sure a Maine coon will fit. My one cat who lives to climb really likes this, an older cat probably would not like it. I was slightly disappointed in the "beds", which are small fuzzy pads. Maybe put both pads on top. Overall, I am happy with the purchase...more than you asked, I know.
Yes, big cats, even chubby could fit through the holes. see less
By L. Bradshaw on June 12, 2019
Question:Can this stands on its own without screwing it in to the wall?
Answer:You will need to screw it. We have plaster walls and experienced no problems. Very well made and it’s solid wood. Looks nice in our family room. They give good instructions and supplied everything you’ll need.
By Ann Rusnak on January 4, 2019
Hello, thank you for your interest and for reaching out. This is designed specifically to be anchored to a wall. This will not stand on its own and would be highly unsafe for use if it did. I hope this helps! PetFusion
By CosmicPet (PetFusion & Pet Cra… on January 4, 2019
Question:What's the weight capacity? I've looked at similar products, but limit was 15 pounds (my cat is 15 1/2).
Answer:Thank you for your question and I will be more than happy to help you. If the Tower is properly mounted to the wall, this was specifically designed for a multi-cat household. So there will be no issue with your cat being 15 1/2 LBS. If I can be of any further assistance to you now or in the future, please don't hesitate to contact me at support@pet-fusion.com. Kindest regards, Lauren see less
By PetFusion SELLER  on July 26, 2019
I did not see that info on the packaging but it is very sturdy and you bolt it to the wall. So I think it would work for any weight cat.
By Julie R Cleveland on July 27, 2019
Not sure about the specific weight limit, but once anchored to the wall is very sturdy. It should hold that and more!
By M Fdz on July 26, 2019
You'll be fine. This thing is massive and strong. Probably could hold a 30lb cat!
By Annabelle on July 26, 2019
Question:Does this have to screw into studs?
Answer:It does not have to screw into studs. Mine is not. You will make sure it is nice and secure with whatever you use. I reinforced the top ones, but the hardware it comes with worked for the middle. My cat is almost 9 lbs and he is all over it and it’s sturdy. He leaps off of it, and climbs all the way to the top aggressively, yet it does not move. see less
By HHarper on September 6, 2019
Thank you for your interest in the Cat Climbing Tree Tower. The Tower may be secured into either drywall or into wood studs. If I can be of any further assistance to you now or in the future, please don't hesitate to contact me at support@pet-fusion.com. Kindest regards, Lauren
By PetFusion SELLER  on September 9, 2019
No. It can be either / or. Mine is not screwed into studs and is doing fine.
By Marie on September 6, 2019
No it does not. Just drywall.
By Julie R Cleveland on September 11, 2019
No, it can easily go into drywall. The product included drywall anchors.
By Mr. Dude on September 6, 2019
Question:acn I make the first level 30 inches high?
Answer:I doubt it. It was EXTREMELY heavy and hard to put together. In the process of assembling it broke and I ended up giving it to Goodwill.
By Marsha Spinner on May 5, 2020
Yes you can customize it
By melba soliz on May 5, 2020
Question:Will a cat that is declawed in the front have trouble getting up to the top perch?
Answer:They might have some trouble; mine go up slower after I’ve trimmed their nails so I would think it would make it even harder with being declawed. If you have the space you could put up a floating shelf in between the two levels to help the kitty get all the way up (I have that up for mine anyways cuz one of them was having trouble getting down from the top as the angle they need to jump back down from is a bit steep). see less
By Sabrina Roy on May 30, 2019
I believe so. But my boy does climb primarily with his rear. He is not declawed. If you have seen him climb on sisal successfully then he should be ok.
By Coco on May 30, 2019
Yes they will have trouble
By James J Settlemyre on May 30, 2019
Turns out my little kitty does not climb. So I added shelves at alternate levels on the wall adjacent to the tower and she jumps from shelf to shelf to reach the top from where she surveys all her domain.
By Lucky Dog on January 9, 2020
Question:I purchased the cat tower and would like to purchase two additional post. The link provided in a previous inquiry is for the tower, where are post?
Answer:The TOWER comes with 2 posts and another tower has only 1 post. If you’re looking to make the tower taller it’s already Very high it’s over 6 ft
By Elle L. on March 31, 2020
