About this item
Meant to be installed over 6 studs at 16” apart
Fabric is pre-cut, hemmed, removable and washable
Hidden brackets give the furniture a floating look
Weight tested: 62 lbs per hammock; 85 lbs per wooden piece
Easy to navigate mounting instructions
Question:Our cat is 16 lbs, will it be sturdy enough for him? And will he fit through the holes?
Answer:As long as the complex is installed into studs then it will hold a great deal of weight. We don't know if your cat will fit since we don't know his size but the diameter of the hole in the Escape Hatch is 7.75 inches.
By CatastrophiCreations SELLER  on March 13, 2019
My cat is 14 lbs, and was too big for typical cat trees. However, this is super sturdy and she loves it! As long as you screw the brackets tight into the wall studs you will be fine :)
By Morgan Ford-Roberts on March 13, 2019
Question:what material is the fabric made out of?
Answer:Canvas
By WesnDeedee on May 24, 2019
It's like canvas
By Marcelle Canjura on May 24, 2019
Question:What is the maximum cat weight can this take?
Answer:When installed according to the instructions (into studs) each wooden piece can hold 85lbs and each fabric section can hold 62lbs.
By CatastrophiCreations SELLER  on March 6, 2019
Question:Can additional fabric be purchased?
Answer:Additional fabric is available for purchase only on our website and only for Cat Mod items. The Deluxe Playplace isn't compatible with our Cat Mod fabric. The Cat Mod Play is the upgraded version of the Deluxe Playplace and any additionally purchased fabric will be compatible. https://www.amazon.com/CatastrophiCreations-Handcrafted-Wall-Mounted-Activity-Shelves/dp/B07CYGR4T7/ref=sr_1_9 see less
By CatastrophiCreations SELLER  on May 13, 2019
Question:Can declawed cats use this system? (Cat is a rescue who lives to climb)
Answer:Yes, we've had many customers with declawed cats that can use our furniture perfectly fine. The Deluxe Playplace is designed for ease of navigation without requiring the use of claws.
By CatastrophiCreations SELLER  on June 6, 2019
No claws required!! Our largest cat loves to run up and down the ramp.
By Amazon Customer on June 6, 2019
Question:My studs are 24 inches apart. But I really love this! Is there any way this can be modified/assembled to fit my walls??
Answer:This complex, unfortunately, cannot be modified but you can install a backer board, which is a panel of wood that acts as a barrier between your wall and the furniture. It allows you to install anywhere without worrying about your studs. We have used backer boards frequently and with great results.
By CatastrophiCreations SELLER  on May 6, 2019
I wouldn’t suggest it. I thought I could make something happen, but some of the screws just won’t stay in the wall. Maybe if you screw plywood between the studs then secure the climber to that, it might work. However, email the seller, maybe they can help. I have 4 pieces and they are all high quality, I just wish I researched the studs first. see less
By CatLady on May 6, 2019

Question:What size is the platform with the hole? Worried about all my cats getting in there and falling off playing. What are the dimensions of that platform?
Answer:The escape hatch (platform with the hole) is 18" wide and 11" in depth. The hole itself is 7.75" in diameter.
By CatastrophiCreations SELLER  on December 4, 2018
I'm not sure the exact size but unless the cat in question is super larger then this prosuct should be fine. I have two cats who climb on it regularly and both go on and off with no trouble. One really loves to sleep on the top seat. Its secure and sturdy for rough housing too.
By Tricia on December 5, 2018
The whole is big enough for them to get through. I have to Savanah’s so there very long but thin. Cats are amazing and very limber and Have amazing balance. My cats run up and down jump from section to section. I’m not gonna say they’ve never fallen because they purposely not each other down sometimes. But never ever have they gotten hurt. see less
By Krystyna on December 5, 2018
Question:What is the maximum weight are these able to hold? I have pretty large cats.
Answer:Up to 65 lbs per fabric hammock section, and up to 82 lbs per plank and solid piece. As long as each bracket is installed into a stud, the furniture will hold a great deal of weight.
By CatastrophiCreations SELLER  on September 18, 2018
as I recall the description said 50 lbs. I have four cats and all four have been on it at the same time...without problem.
By Amazon Customer on September 18, 2018
I have a Maine Coon. At the time he was probably around 15 pounds and it held him. Just make sure you install it into studs
By Meg Dawson on September 17, 2018
One of my boys weighs 22 and the other is 18 they run up and down all day.
By Krystyna on September 17, 2018
Question:this beats a traditional cat tree anyday. can an apt dweller with dry wall use this?
Answer:Yes you just need to make sure it is hung in the studs or it will pull out of the wall
By Katie P on November 30, 2018
I'm sure you could, but you'll have allot of holes to putty.
And you have to make sure you're in a stud, or it'll fall right out.

I advise buying through their actual website, because I got through Amazon and was missing hardware.

But then I contacted the seller and they sent them asap
By megan on November 30, 2018
Question:I have cement walls can I mount this with tapcons?
Answer:While we haven't personally mounted this way, we've had many past customers who have successfully installed into concrete, including shelters and rescues.

For mounting hardware, we suggest using a masonry bit and, for screws, we recommend Tapcon. However, we don't provide or sell this hardware but here is a link to the screws we recommend: https://www.amazon.com/MKT-Conset-Masonry-Phillips-Diameter/dp/B00D8JCKOY/ref=pd_sim_328_2 see less
By CatastrophiCreations SELLER  on July 2, 2019
Question:Can this be made for 22in between studs?
Answer:Unfortunately not. For oddly spaced studs, our top recommendation is to use (what we call) a backer board. A backer board is created from a section of wood of your choosing (like 3/4" plywood) and installing either one panel or multiple panels to the wall. This method allows you to install anywhere without worrying about your studs. The owners of the company use this method frequently and with great results. see less
By CatastrophiCreations SELLER  on May 21, 2019
Question:what material is the fabric made out of?
Answer:Our fabric is 12oz cotton canvas.
By CatastrophiCreations SELLER  on May 24, 2019
Canvas material
By Amazon Customer on May 25, 2019
It's like canvas
By Marcelle Canjura on May 24, 2019
