About this item
【CHECK OUT HIGHLIGHTS OF CAT TREE】For more cats use; Multiple Platforms; Funny Toys; Natural Sisal Rope; Top Large Platform with Internal Removable Extra-Thick Wash Mat; 3 plush perches; 2 roomy condos; A plush tunnel; A larger basket.
【STABILITY IS ALWAYS PRIORITY】 Anti-toppling fittings are included for double security; Constructed by CARB-certified natural particle boards and strengthened with battens at the bottom to ensure overall stability; Reinforced posts (dia. 3.39") are wrapped with natural sisal rope to allow nail scratching and promote exercising; satisfying the instincts of your restless kitten.
【SPECIAL BIGGER DESIGN】Structure design -- Can be placed in the corner ; Multi-layer structure design, convenient for cat's scratching, climbing, sleeping, and exercising; 2 roomy condos offer luxurious napping experience; (space is larger than the market); 3 plush perches with raised edge allow your cat rest on its head while watching over the house; a plush tunnel, interactive jingly balls and sisal twine to play with.
【COSY TO LOUNGE & EASY TO CLEAN】 The multi level cat tower is composed of good quality plush material, which is very soft and comfortable; PP cotton filler all over the top perch ensures prime napping experience; cover of top perch is detachable, washable, making daily care a breeze.
【EASY TO ASSEMBLE AND NICE LOOKING】 Equipped with detailed instructions for quick and easy installation; easy to clean with high quality materials; fits in any room corner while adding an extra air of tastefulness with its classic color choices; perfect for large kitties/adult cats.
Question:Platform size?
Answer:Greetings from Hey-bro.
The size of the platform is: 13.8*13.8 inch.
By Hey brother SELLER  on July 6, 2019
Question:Is the tube holding up top platform is made of wood or cardboard?
Answer:It’s lightweight but I wouldn’t say it’s cardboard. I’ve got 9 cats including several 15 pounders. They climb all over the top tier and so far it’s holding up well. This is the only pedestal unit I’ve found that is plus size in terms of the perches and condos. I recommend it.
By Deborah Smith on December 20, 2019
I'm at work, but I'm pretty sure all the tubes are all made of the same thing. VERY heavy duty cardboard type material. Very sturdy. However, if your cats are able to shred the rope, don't be lazy like me. Replace the rope!! Because eventually, they can sharpen their claws right into that cardboard. (I have this tree and 2 others) Good luck! see less
By DoggedTX on December 20, 2019
Not 100% but it feels like heavy cardboard
By 3hobbits on December 20, 2019
I’m not sure but it’s very strong and hard I’ve 2 adult cats weights more than 10 lbs they always climb up and sit on it
By syedmustafa on December 20, 2019
Question:Is it possible to purchase replacement parts due to wear and tear? Specifically a post and platform? Trying to avoid replacing the whole structure to
Answer:You can repair the scratch pole with sisal rope that can be purchased either on Amazon or at Walmart. It is very easy and I've repaired several poles for my cats. The platform can be repaired as well by wrapping the sisal rope or use a plush fabric or baby blanket to wrap it around and secure with staple gun making sure to avoid the areas where kitties stand. There are YouTube videos on how to repair both. see less
By I. C. on August 24, 2020
I am not sure, but would love to buy a replacement post as well.
By Debbie Spair on April 25, 2020
Question:Can the basket/hammock be attaces to the other side? The answer to a similar question was not very clear.
Answer:Yes, the basket/hammock can be attaces to the other side.you need to replace the pillars on the left and right sides
By Hey brother SELLER  on January 10, 2022
Question:When will the one beige be available?
Answer:The beige cat tree will be available in Mid-august. But we can introduce another similar color and size cat tree: MPJ031M. Hope you like it.
By Hey brother SELLER  on July 16, 2019
Question:Can I make 2 smaller trees with this? I don’t want to make it so tall
Answer:It looks like if you didn't attach the second level 3 beams it would be in 2 pieces but you would need some flat bottom screws for those places where the beams would connect the levels instead of the connector screws
By Nonya on December 2, 2020
Sure can.... it cam with a variety of ways to set up.
By Mr & Mrs Romer on December 2, 2020
Question:Does it wobble or shake if two large 16 pounds and 20 pounds cats go bat shit crazy and run and climb if kept in the middle of the room without walls?
Answer:I have 11 cats who are already going crazy because it is already winter in Maine and it is too cold to for them outside. Two of them are crazy kittens who chase my fat older cats around. It is very sturdy and I didn't even tether it to the wall. I do have it on a hard wood floor and not carpet.
By Caralyn Loucka King on November 26, 2019
It's very sturdy but it would shake/wobble just a little bit, especially with the size of those cats. My cats (5) are huge and 4 of them learned to slow their pace instead of just insanely launching full force to and from it. One of the cats is now scared to death of it because it moved....cats are weird :) but the others love it. I finally moved it so it is touching the wall. see less
By DoggedTX on November 26, 2019
Its has a short tie strap that secures it to the wall
By CrasH on November 26, 2019
Yes, it will. It needs to be up against a wall and preferably anchored.
By 3hobbits on November 26, 2019
What wouldn't?
By Amazon Customer on November 26, 2019
Question:The basket that shows the car curled up, can you please tell me what the diameter is?
Answer:About 12 inches square
By virginia Kirby on April 6, 2020
Question:What is the height of second condo from the top?
Answer:Both 2 condos height: 10.24 inches.
By Hey brother SELLER  on July 13, 2019
Question:How much does this weigh?
Answer:Not sure but I'd recommend you put it together where you want it at so you wont have to move it
By drayton clamp on July 28, 2019
Question:I read that the inside of the condos do not have carpet attached. Is this correct and if so why?
Answer:Inside the condos are covered but are not carpeted or cushioned, like the rest of the perches. We have added our own cushioning, and our cats love the cat tree.
By Anon on July 6, 2019
There is carpet inside the condos
By Sara on July 6, 2019
There is carpet in mine.
By Jeramie on July 6, 2019
Gave it as a gift, don't know but they seem happy and the humans too.
By Jenny Duchene on July 7, 2019
Question:Is there a warranty for this product?
Answer:It is very sturdy. My two (10lb each) meincoons are enjoying it for over a year. Nothing will happen to this tower unless of course your roof will leak causing flood or your house will catch on fire 🔥. No unforeseen event warranty. Good product
By Pavel S. on October 20, 2019
The warranty is 24 months.
By Hey brother SELLER  on October 20, 2019
I don’t think so, and wouldn’t be needing any warranty it’s really good I’ve 2 adult cats 10 lbs and they love it
By syedmustafa on October 20, 2019

