About this item
HEXAGON CRAFTED: Hexagon-shaped cat furniture is playful that there are 4 opening aside so cats can walk through or see through from the inside. Hexagon-shaped cat condo is buildable and flexible so cat lovers can build the unique cat tree accordingly with the furry babies' habits. Cat lovers can create a safe cat highway for felines.
COLORFUL AND COMFORT: No more getting dirty, dusty, or dangerous when climbing up on the cabinets or windows. Floating cat shelves provide a cat playground on the wall by adding the vertical world so that felines can chase, run, and hide on the wall.
SAFE AND SOUND: Wooden made cat furniture give them secured and steady place. So they feel secured and comfortable even staying up high on the wall. Wooden cat shelves provide a warm tone for the interior design, it would match with any kinds of interior and furniture.
FLOATING CAT SHELF: Wall-mounted cat shelf that allow cat to climb, jump and rest on it. Felines can sleep and observe from the height place indoor.
SIMPLE AND STYLISH: Original designed cat furniture would be a perfect match with any types of interior design, so cats and cat lovers would share the happiness living spaces all together while having their own territory.
Question:Any suggestions for covering some of the holes? I would like holes only on one side.
Answer:I measured mine, and cannot see any simple way to cover the holes. If you know a friend with woodworking gear and talent, they could cut a circular plug exactly 8" in diameter (perhaps a minuscule amount more) and place it in the hole and glue it. It would make it sturdier to affix a couple of thin braces in a pretty pattern (Cross? Hexagon oriented at 30 degrees) on the inside of the plug , so that they project a little beyond the plug, that would be screwed into the wall of the hexagon box just outside the hole, then the plug could easily be removed if you change you mind and the screw holes filled and sanded. Fancier would be to cut an 8.5" plug out of lumber that is 0.25" thicker than the wall and rout a lip 0.25" wide for gluing it in place. I think the important aspect would be to select very high quality wood that matches the box in color and sanded finish, or the plug would not look good. ;-( see less
By Jean Bernard Minster on November 1, 2020
I think the easiest way to cover the holes would be to use contact paper and some cardboard.

Lay the cardboard against the hole and trace the circle from the other side and cut the circle out of the cardboard.
Before opening the contact paper, cut the dimensions of the inside and outside of the side you want to cover (inside would be slightly smaller, if you want to measure once, measure that one).
Peel the contact paper and place inside. Put the cardboard in the hole. And then peel the 2nd contact strip on the outside. see less
By JEmt on February 26, 2021
Maybe try a speaker cover? https://www.amazon.com/Reliable-Hardware-Company-RH-4002-10-2-Universal/dp/B00Z0DRJQA/
By Michael on July 14, 2021
Question:Is this price for just one of the hexagons?
Answer:Yes it is. The price has come down significantly since I first started looking at them. :)
By Michael on July 14, 2021
Question:How many come for this price?
Answer:one
By mecca stevenson on October 5, 2020
Question:Can they be stained? I would really like a dark brown to go with our trim, etc.
Answer:I don't see why not. You might have to prime them ahead of time, or lightly sand them )by hand), and then stain them.
By Jean Bernard Minster on July 14, 2021
Question:What is the cat weight limit?
Answer:The answer to your question about the weight limit of a cat using one of the hexagons. . . it all depends on the wall anchors. We have several in our cat shelter with anchors secured into the studs. Some of our 15 lb. cats sit in the hexagons without any issue. Hope this helps.
By Carole Hyder on December 8, 2021
I have 2 cats, 17 and 12 lbs The shelves hold well. even though they are not all secured into studs, but some of them just into drywall.
By Jean Bernard Minster on December 8, 2021
