About this item
【CHECK OUT HIGHLIGHTS OF CAT TREE】Step-like jump multi-layer structure design; For more cats use; 2 roomy condos; 2 top large platform with internal extra-thick mat; Funny toys; Natural sisal rope.
【MULTIFUNCTIONAL SPECIAL DESIGN】 Step-like jump multi-layer structure design of cat tower, convenient for cat's scratching, climbing, sleeping, and exercising; 2 roomy condos offer luxurious napping experience for more cats use; interactive jingly balls and sisal twine to play with.
【COSY TO LOUNGE & EASY TO CLEAN】Top perch with thick padding at the bottom and rim makes a perfect napping lounge; ultra-soft plush gives the smoothest touch that your kitten will never get enough of, and raised edge of this perch allow your cat rest on its head while watching over the house.
【STABILITY IS ALWAYS PRIORITY】 Anti-toppling fittings are included for double security; Constructed by CARB-certified natural particle boards and strengthened with battens at the bottom to ensure overall stability; Reinforced posts are wrapped with natural sisal rope to allow nail scratching and promote exercising; satisfying the instincts of your restless kitten.
【EASY TO ASSEMBLE AND NICE LOOKING】 Equipped with detailed instructions for quick and easy installation; easy to clean with high quality materials; fits in any room corner while adding an extra air of tastefulness with its classic color choices; perfect for large kitties/adult cats.
Question:Can anyone speak to how it has held up over time? Months? Year+?
Answer:We bought this tree in Dec 2019, it is Mar 2021 now, so 14-15 months. We have 3 inside cats, only 2 use the tree. They enjoy the multiple platforms and the soft sided condos.
The sisal twine (scratching area) has started coming off, and shredding. The covering on the flat surfaces has a few bare spots.
I would say our cats have gotten the money's worth out of this tree. We are looking to replace it now. see less
By J. Kaye on March 8, 2021
I've had mine for 1 cat over 6 months now...It was easy to build,study,and beautiful. The carpet material is thin and has worn in spots but is soft. My only complaint would be the laying pad edges are not sturdier--as kitty lays the sides lay over
Overall a 8 1/2 ⭐
By Customer on December 31, 2019
Fabric is a thin minky fleece, and shreds easily. Houses are not solid, just tops and bottoms supported by 4 internal posts. Cats repeatedly jumping in and out of lower bed caused the plastic to break around connecting bolt - and that was only after 7 months of use. Otherwise my cats like it, and it was easy to assemble.
By Raven on April 17, 2020
I've had it for a few months. The cats love it and it's holding up well
By Karen Horton on January 7, 2020
I've only one up 8 days and the thin material is already being shredded. I have pics but dont know how to post. The material obviously wasn't tested. Asking for replacement of shelf. It takes an hour to put together I dont want to take the whole thing apart due the health problems.
By Sharon Henley on January 18, 2020
After 8 days material was already being torn. Company must not of tested.
By Sharon Henley on January 18, 2020
Mine is going in the garbage
By Chrystina Backstrom on March 15, 2021
Question:I want a tower for a spot where I cannot attach it to a wall. Should I look for a different tower?
Answer:I didn't attach mine to the wall but it is sitting up against the wall and I haven't had any issues with my cat knocking it over. It probably depends how playful your cats are and how many will be using it. I only have 1 cat and he's older so he only uses it to nap and stare out of the window.. has never knocked it over climbing up though. see less
By Nmutuautumn on April 14, 2020
Ours isn’t attached to a wall. It seems more stable than our other cat tree. The base is much wider. We have larger than average cars but they also tend to climb to the top rather than jump.
By comprenlv on April 14, 2020
We didn’t attach to the wall and it is just fine. Our cat loves this tower and was easy to assemble.
By Amazon Customer on April 14, 2020
My cat tower is not attached to a wall, it’s very sturdy.
By Amazon Customer on April 18, 2020
You don’t have to attach it to a wall. It is sturdy and stands on its own.
By Katie L on April 14, 2020
Question:Are the houses on this solid or the flimsy pop-up kind with posts inside?
Answer:Most of the posts are on the outside, however there are inside posts to help shape the cubicles... I have a 10lb cat and she loves it. I think its worth the price. It does not appear flimsy and does not topple over even though I did not use the wall strap that was provided
By Amazon Customer on November 29, 2021
They are soft furry cloth over very sturdy posts. They all anchor in with very sturdy screws. My two very active 6-mont-old kitties scramble up and down it with blinding speed, and it stands its ground very well. The female loves sleeping inside the houses.
By Jane on November 30, 2021
The houses are pretty flimsy, plus the pedestal seats have rims around them that make them unattractive for cats to try to jump up on.
By Kindle Customer on November 29, 2021
It has the posts, the material isn't flimsy, the arch opening has a smaller opening next to it so that one is a bit flimsy but stays open.
By Joellyn Hare on December 1, 2021
Question:Who can I contact to get a bed replacement for my tree? I ordered less than 5 months ago and one of the beds ripped and most of the stuffing fell out.
Answer:dont know what a bed replacement looks like, cant load videos on my machine, I.d try a very soft pillow from WALMART about $4 hope this helps
By Amazon Customer on May 22, 2021
Question:Can i buy replacement parts ?
Answer:I dont know.... BUT, if I ever need "parts" to anything, I always go to my local ACE hardware store, or HOME DEPOT, and take with you an identical part you need {from another part of the cat tree} and 95% of the time they will find you a match, failing that, take the 2 parts you need put together and again, they will give you what you need see less
By Amazon Customer on May 22, 2021
Question:What is the size of the perch?
Answer:Each perch is approximately 12"x12"...Best for a medium sized cat.
By gairathome on March 27, 2020
12 X 12 Square with a 3" padded buffer. Both my small and LARGE cat rest on the top perch easily.
By grandmab on March 29, 2020
60 inches high
By cl on April 6, 2020
Question:Is the condo a solid piece of cardboard or is it the pull over carpet type?
Answer:The sides/walls of the condo are the pull over carpet type. The bottom/floor and top/ceiling of the condo is a hard board covered in the carpet material.
By Nmutuautumn on March 30, 2020
Question:Would it be good for a 20 lb 25 inch long Siberian Forest cat?
Answer:I personally think this is ideal for kittens more so for adult cats. My adult cats use it (sleep on the top porch), but other than that they stick with human furniture. However, my foster kittens love playing (chasing up & down) and sleep anywhere on this tree.
By TM on July 2, 2020
Nope! Thinking 20lb 25” wouldn’t necessarily get the comfort out of most of the unit, maybe bottom compartment, but my 12lb spills over the edge of the 2 top platforms
By Wvgiro24 on December 30, 2019
i think so. my cat 15 lbs and it is sturdy
By David Schmidt on December 30, 2019
Yes, my cats are small & medium 13lbs largest one, but the boxes to hide in give plenty of room. The squares are padded and my furry babies love to stretch out on them. there are balls that attach and jingle, a sturdy unit.
By grandmab on December 30, 2019
Probably not it’s kind of small
By Ted on December 30, 2019
Question:I bought this item already can i buy replacement pieces? My cats destroyed the rope and carpet on two legs
Answer:Genuine replacement parts, if available will cost you many dollars, add the cost of shipping to that, and it will be an expensive project... Inste4ad go to walmart or your locay hardware store and buy some rope..{thick twine} put lots of glue round the posts and wind the twine {rope} around the legs. Shop for some carpet remenants, or buy a small rug from walmart cut it to size, pour glue on the platform and place the cut size piece of rug on the platform..... I am an 82n year old lady, and this is what I,d do, if I can do it..... I.m sure you can too. see less
By Amazon Customer on April 7, 2022
I'm not sure, but it may be cheaper to buy another one
By Robert Arnone on April 7, 2022
Please contact the seller on the order details page
By Hey brother SELLER  on April 7, 2022
Question:Bought a returned tree from amazon.com llc & am missing 2 of the parts. heybrother request is not accepted. how can i get missing pieces?
Answer:I find my local ACE Hardware guy is very helpful at solving these kind of problems. I may mean taking the half assembled object up to his shop, but I.m 90%sure he,ll fix it for you. It may not be identicle to what you need but he will give you something that will work just as well
By Amazon Customer on November 29, 2021
Question:Would a food & water bowl fit in the lower hiding space?
Answer:Yes, I think it would. It looks like a pretty large space.... Although, I am not sure if it would fit a cat and the food comfortably.
By Just Me on June 28, 2020
Depending of the size of the bowl and whether both bowls are connected together, but sure you can place regular size bowls on the bottom.
By TM on June 27, 2020
Yes there is plenty of room for food & water dishes for an average size cat.
By grandmab on June 28, 2020
Yes if they were small bowls.
By HEATHER BRUNO on June 28, 2020
Yes they would fit
By Katie L on June 27, 2020
No, it wouldn't be practical there. Plus it would probably spill of the tree rocks.
By Danicakes9 on June 27, 2020
If cat small
By regina on June 27, 2020
Question:Does it measure 19.7in with the platform sticking out?
Answer:The lowest platform measures 19.7 and is 13 in from the floor.
By HEATHER BRUNO on July 26, 2020
Back of the long rectangle box to tip of the platform is 26 inches.
By TM on July 26, 2020
The "Foot" is 19.7 inches square...but with the "play areas" against the wall, mine is actually...24 inches...Maybe other readers have a different way to use this...hope this helps.
By gairathome on July 26, 2020
