About this item
DOUBLE SAFTY:This 4 level construction cat tree covered by soft plush has a decent base with size of 24”L X 14”W that add significant solidity. The secure strap allow it fixed to the wall that prevent it from tippling over.
EFFECTIVE TO PROTECT FURNITURE: 2 fully scratching posts and the ramp covered with different sisal provide different scratching sensation and allow cats to sharpen and trim their nails. It comes with a pampam ball that entice them to have more activities. They will enjoy hours and hours fun with the cat tree instead of clawing your expensive furniture.
DIFFERENT HEIGHT EXPERIENCE: 2 Well Padded Perches provide different heights of view advantage as yawning on the larger perch to enjoy the sunshine, watching the birds outside window or getting to the highest perch to observe surrounding.
WONDERFUL RELAXATION SPOT:Fluffy cubbies offer a quiet and private place to rest and nap.the floor-level apartment requires no steps is perfect for senior cat. the ramp stand by help stretch their body and provide aid to clime up to the upper layer.
BUY WITH CONFIDENCE:It comes with step by step instruction and all the necessary tools. ONE YEAR WARRANTY for all parts (except the hanging ball ).So ADD it to your home Today!
Question:Is there replacement padding for the perches available?
Answer:Yes, contact with us through contacting with seller and tell us the part no of the replacement you might need. Our professional customer service team will take care of the issue then.
Thank you and have a nice day.
By Sweet Pet SELLER  on August 23, 2021
Question:How can the seller be "not sure" where this is manufactured? That's very dishonest. Please provide info, customers deserve to know the truth.
Answer:If you had taken about a minute to look up Pawz Road, you would have found your answer. Maybe you should make an effort to do your own research before blasting the seller as dishonest.

On the site it says "Team Effort
We has invited Japanese designer Hegu Yi(鹤谷), American designer Cesar Millan and cooperated with CM. So far, our design teams are in Germany, USA, Japan and China. Our main factories are located in Germany and China."

Now take a seat and relax. We need to support globally too. see less
By Donae K Lugo on October 6, 2021
Im pretty sure mine was manufactured in China.
By Bob C on October 6, 2021
I’m pretty sure it was made in China
By T. Tappe on October 6, 2021
Question:How much does this cat tree weigh?
Answer:My cat is 10 lb and tipped it over without effort. The seller must notify buyers that this won't work unless you mount to the wall.
By Snowman on March 9, 2022
Can’t say but enough to sustain my fat cat of 18 lbs without falling tipping over maybe 15 lbs I assume
By Patricia Naranjo on May 9, 2020
Not sure how much it weighs, but it is fairly easy to move around. Sorry I can’t be more specific. The box was heavy, but once it was assembled is was easy to move it to where I wanted. Easy assembly, too!
By Jane Bowerman on May 9, 2020
Guesstimate: 12-15 pounds.
By Amazon Customer on May 9, 2020
Question:what are the size of the screws?
Answer:The screws come with a hex key. They are different sizes, depending on where they need to be placed. (Suggestion: Keep the hex key so you can tighten the screws as needed when in use.)
By Donae K Lugo on September 29, 2021
No screws, different sized bolts that come with the unit itself along with a tightening tool.
By Bob C on September 29, 2021
Question:The seller says they're "not sure" where this is manufactured? they lie. as seller & shipper, shouldn't sweet paws know its from china?
Answer:Dear Customer it is made in china but all the quality is complied with united states standards. and we provide one year guarantee for all the parts (except hanging ball) to make sure our customer purchased with confidence.
Pls feel free to reach us if there is any question.
Thank you
By Sweet Pet SELLER  on October 9, 2021
Question:My cats are almost 20 pounds. Is this going to be wide enough?
Answer:My largest cat is 18 lbs and fits comfortably.
By Dogmom on July 14, 2020
We have 2 kittens about 10 lbs each. They still sleep together on it. Sometimes their legs hang over but they love it.
By mtsunray on July 14, 2020
I've got a 17 pounder, and he loves this tower.
By Margaret Papoe on July 14, 2020
Question:where can I get an online assembly manual?
Answer:HELLO，you could reach our customer service team through contact with seller to get to manual or you could find the following link for the video instruction.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YWctPvJ8QsA
Thank you and best wishes.
By Sweet Pet SELLER  on August 23, 2021
Question:The listing says “free shipping” but nothing about “free returns”. If it needed to be returned, am I to assume the buyer would need to pay for it?
Answer:Most likely yes.
By Bob C on September 29, 2021
Question:Where is this made?
Answer:Not sure where it's made but it's very sturdy and the cats love it.
By Amazon Customer on March 12, 2020
Question:Anyone else have trouble putting this together ? everything is like crooked and i’m getting very annoyed . starting with a&b . who engineered this?!?
Answer:Dear Customer ,
We're so sorry if there is any assembly problem. We' d like to explain any crooked issue might caused by the wrong palce of the part C , top shelf of the second condo. the hole is not centralized which is 3 inched off. We'd like to suggest you to shift the direction. That should work. And if you come across any other assembly problem, you could find the vedio help through the following link:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_4tIk9ZgDo8&t=75s
and reach our customer service team at :
customerserviceteam@pawzroad.com
We'll be delighted to help you solve the issue.
Thank you and Happy Holiday. see less
By Sweet Pet SELLER  on December 27, 2019
My previous tree I threw in the trash. This one took some patience and intuition, but it IS possible. All of these things are jigsaw puzzle like. Hang in there - i finally succeeded and it is working fine with a 15 and 11 pound cat trying to destroy it. Good luck.
By Kindle Customer on December 27, 2019
We had a little trouble because we had it put together and realized the ramp needed to go on the other side. Other than that it went together without a problem.
By warrior on December 29, 2019
Ours was missing a hole and after drilling still ended up with a crooked shelf. Oh also an extra wrap around piece was found.
By joanie on December 27, 2019
Yes the holes are off. We just drilled a new hole and made it work
By Karen on December 27, 2019
Ours went together flawlessly.
By happycampermp on December 27, 2019
Question:How tall is the cat perch?
Answer:It is 50“ （127CM) tall with its length and width 24”X14” . Wish the info could help you make the right decision.
By Sweet Pet SELLER  on April 9, 2020
4 feet tall assembled
By Amazon Customer on April 6, 2020
It is 50" to the top of the fury rim on the highest level.
By Carole on April 6, 2020
50 inches
By mtsunray on April 6, 2020
Question:Does this come with paper instructions?
Answer:Yes, it comes with detailed diagraph direction. also you could find pawz road cat tree video instruction on youtube. Pls feel free to reach us if there is any question.
By Sweet Pet SELLER  on October 9, 2021
Written no, diagram of how to put together yes. I am better with written instructions. My husband who is better with visual "instructions" had it put together in no time.
By Beth Johnson on October 4, 2021
I do believe so. It was very easy to put together (logical). Cat loves it!
By Wendy K M on October 5, 2021
yes, mine did
By toni alonso on October 7, 2021
Yes.
By Arizona Buyer on October 4, 2021
