About this item
Solid Construction for Maximum Safety: Stability is always the Priority. Heavy and widen base supported by reinforced Post in 3.5” Diameter give reliable sturdy. This modern and clean cat tree comes with a strap allowing it to fix to the wall and prevent from tippling over.
Super Large Condos for Better Experience: 2 Super large condos measuring13.4”x13.4” provide spacious room for cats of all size and ages. The enclosed design creating a scene of security provides a quiet and safe space for better sleep. The soft cushioned pad inside make it more cozy and comfortable.
Perfect Combination of Traditional Carpet and Stylish Design: Unlike the traditional cat tree , the main structure of this cat tower covered with wooden surface makes it outstanding and looks clean and modern. while 2 top platforms covered with soft plush with raised rim provide strong support and maximum comfort when they take a nap on it.
Multi Function for Endless Fun: 4 level constructions satisfy cats’ needs to climb and seek different height. It is equipped with 6 posts at different levels covered by either felt or natural sisal provide different scratching experience. The two top perches are perfect height for birds view, which are pampam balls that give extra fun.
BUY WITH CONFIDENCE: All hardware and step by step instruction are included. It is easy to set it up. Also you can search PAWZ Road in YouTube for video instruction. The estimated installation time is about 20-30 minutes. One Year Guarantee for the entire parts except dangling balls.
Question:Why does it only come with one black ring for one of the 3 box holes and not for all of them?
Answer:The one black ring protects the one opening that is cut into the thicker melamine faced chipboard (MFC) to prevent splinters and flaking of the exposed wood chip board. The other holes are cut into the thin high density fiberboard (HDF) which doesn't have the same concern, so isn't necessary.
By J.J. on August 7, 2021
Theres’ a black ring?
By Omar R. on February 23, 2020
Question:Can the bottom platform that sticks out be excluded during installation?
Answer:If you mean the round one, then probably yes. I felt that it was a negative/risk issue because it does tend to destabilize the unit if a heavy cat jumps on it at top speed. However, I tried it to my advantage to stabilize the tree overall. To mitigate risk and stabilize it, I did two things: 1) I stacked books horizont… see more
By Elle O. on November 23, 2021
Hello Kerri, the round board should be include. It could be move to back or side if you dont need it to be front.
And if there is any further quesiton, pls feel free to let us know.
Thank you and best wisehs.
By Sweet Pet SELLER  on November 23, 2021
Question:Would three hammock hold a 14 pound cat? Thanks
Answer:Yes. My cat is chunky, around 16-18 pounds and you can find him taking a siesta on all levels of the tower.
By TeacherMan33 on April 2, 2021
My cat is around that size he is a big cat and he loves sleeping in it.
By Ally on April 2, 2021
Question:Where can I get replacement post? The the rope is all shredded?
Answer:Dear customer pls reach our customer service team through contact with seller. our colleague will take care of the issue.
Thank you
By Sweet Pet on October 9, 2021
