About this item
HOURS OF FUN OR REST: The Max & Marlow Modern Three-Tier Cat Tree will keep your cat occupied for hours with multiple places to perch! Our cat activity tree allows for cats to safely and naturally scratch, climb and simply lounge around on 3 different perch platforms.
SAFE, DURABLE CONSTRUCTION: A sturdy base and ceiling connector tenson rod provides added stability for your pet, as they have a safe surface to scratch and claw! Cat towers help prevent your cat from damaging home furniture.
FITS YOUR DECOR: With a grey neutral color, our modern cat tree fits any room décor. Because of the cat tree's compact design, it fits great in corners of rooms without being an eye-sore.
"IDEAL FOR ALL CATS: Our cat tree is ideal for all indoor cat breeds and kittens up to 20 pounds! "
"FITS FLAT CEILINGS BETWEEN 7' 5"" - 9' TALL: Our floor-to-ceiling cat activity tree adjusts in height from 90"" to 108"" while each perch platform measures 17"" x 10.625"" (Length x Width). This carpet cat tree does not fit vaulted or cathedral ceilings. "
Question:Was this product made/manufactured in America?
Answer:Designed in America, manufactured in China.
By JE on April 11, 2022
Question:Where it connects to the ceiling spring loaded?
Answer:"FITS FLAT CEILINGS BETWEEN 7' 5"" - 9' TALL: Our floor-to-ceiling cat activity tree adjusts in height from 90"" to 108"" while each perch platform measures 17"" x 10.625"" (Length x Width). This carpet cat tree does not fit vaulted or cathedral ceilings. "
By sweetdealsales SELLER  on September 8, 2021
flat ceiling yes
https://amzn.to/2X67edr
By Wevvia SELLER  on September 9, 2021
Hi there! The tension spring is located inside the top post.
By A manufacturer MANUFACTURER  on September 9, 2021
Question:does this require drilling hole on the ceiling when I install it? thank you.
Answer:Hello! No, installation for this item does not require drilling a hole into the ceiling.
By A manufacturer MANUFACTURER  on April 14, 2022
Hi. No drilling is necessary. The top cylinder has a spring-loaded mechanism inside, which allows you to manage the distance between the top of the cylinder and ceiling, using the PVC pipe. When putting in the pipe, you want it to sink down into the cylinder a few inches, so that it creates a good deal of pressure for the rubber base against the ceiling. This helps the tower to be stable. see less
By JE on April 11, 2022
You won’t need to drill any holes on the ceiling, it is very easy to assemble. I ordered a second one already because my cats love it.
By Helena… on April 8, 2022
We did not have to drill any holes. It stays put by tension.
By Laurie E. Roberts on April 8, 2022
No, there’s a spring action pole the keeps it in place and it’s substantial; I don’t think it will come loose. No drilling or extra tools needed
By jean k wooldridge on April 8, 2022
Question:What is the diameter of the post?
Answer:Hi there! The diameter of the post is 7.5".
By A manufacturer MANUFACTURER  on February 7, 2022
Question:Hi, what are the posts made from? cardboard? pvc? thanks to clarify.
Answer:Hello! The post construction is cardboard tubes with plastic caps at each end, covered in carpet or other materials for scratching. Hope this helps!
By A manufacturer MANUFACTURER  on July 20, 2021
Question:How much cat weight does it hold?
Answer:My cats are probably under 10 lbs at this point and the eyre fine. It’s pretty sturdy and would probably be ok for a cat as much as 15-18 lbs
By jean k wooldridge on March 7, 2022
Up to 20lbs.
By A manufacturer MANUFACTURER  on March 16, 2022

