About this item
Cats are naturally fond of scrathcing something, this sisal rope will save your furniture! Coil it on the legs of table or chair, and it will become a scratching pole!
One sisal rope can only cover one pole of our cat tree.
Product specification: total length of product sisal rope: 30m; width 6mm.(Package: only one sisal rope)
Product color: beige and display will produce slight error.
Product description: the material is made of sisal, which can relieve your cat's instinctual need to scratch and dig their claws into something.
Question:How big are the platforms?
Answer:the cat climbing pole has 17 x 10.5 inch carpeted platforms, our cat loves sleeping on the upper level, assembled it reaches the laundry rooms 10 ceiling no problem but I did drill two holes in the top cap as to screw it to the ceiling. Our cat is a psychopath !
By Dalzell Venable on January 14, 2020
The total size of the platform is 10-1/2" x 17". However, the useable portion the cats can sit on is only 10-1/2" x 9". Very small. My cats do not hang out on this tree. Once will use it to twirl around the pole and play, but the platform is not large enough for lounging.
By Tina on January 17, 2020
I returned this piece of junk. You can get the same cheap item for half the price under the brand "Cat Craft". This item is NOT carpet as described. It is cheap felt like material, made in China.
By Boiling Springs, SC on January 13, 2020
Question:What is the maximum weight this will hold? I have big cats.
Answer:My townhouse has standard height ceilings. I have a big fat fluffy male rag doll and he frequently runs up this thing like his hair is on fire. :)) I've had mine for years and it never came down voluntarily. It may turn a little sometimes where the platforms move a bit but it holds up just fine.
By Some Blue Devil on October 8, 2019
My large cat isn't using it.
By Julia Raymond on June 24, 2019
Question:Does this have a ball sticking up on a spring for the cat to play with? Didn't see on the tan model but looks like there is on the black?
Answer:I have the tan version. My cats adore this climbing post. They use it daily and often. But it has no ball on a spring to play with.
By Dwight R. on August 18, 2020
One of my platforms had a screw but it was on the bottom, non-carpeted side, so the spring hangs down instead of up. Not sure why it’s different than pictured.
By Janna on December 29, 2021
Mine came with a ball but I can’t find a hole to screw the spring into?
By Shannon McCaig on September 5, 2020
Not on the tan one I ordered a little over a year ago ...
By Happy84 on August 18, 2020
The one I got has places to mount toys but did not come with any.
By Dalzell Venable on August 19, 2020
No, it does not.
By Susan on August 18, 2020
Question:I a trying to figure out how to contact company for replacement part
Answer:No. I don't think that would work. However, you could leave a section out and put the base on a platform to make up the needed loss in height.
By Tina on November 19, 2020
Question:Can you make it higher than 112" by adding more pieces? (My ceiling's really high!)
Answer:Sorry, I don’t know. You would need to be concerned about stability. I suppose you could buy two and combine parts.
By mary morelli on August 9, 2019
Question:Does this product come with a warranty?
Answer:No.
By Yoshio Yonezawa on July 15, 2021
no
By Sarah Spookynine on July 15, 2021
Question:How easy is it to do the soy sisal rope?
Answer:It's actually really easy to add rope. My cat has had this tower since he was a few weeks old. Once a year I replace the rope outta layer.. Not hard..
By Dee J. on December 27, 2019
It isn't easy, at least not if you want it to look decent... Try wedging the start and end points of the rope between the platform and the poles.
By Some Blue Devil on October 8, 2019
Mine doesn’t have rope. It’s cylinders wrapped in a carpet-like material.
By mary morelli on August 17, 2019
Question:I need to substitute one pole.. is there anyway i can buy a replacement?
Answer:Try contacting the company, they quickly replaced a damaged piece.
By Nora Manley on September 7, 2020
Question:Can i cut one of the pole section? I am about 5 inches long. My ceiling is only 92 inches in height.
Answer:I don't think that would be possible. Each section has a threaded bolt that connects to the next section. It would be possible to leave a section out and put the base on a platform to make up the needed difference.
By Tina on November 19, 2020
I don’t know about cutting the post, but my ceiling is 90” and it just fits. It can be extended for higher ceilings.
By Karen… on November 19, 2020
Not easily, no. The levels are connected by screws, no clue how you would cut that.
By Kindle Customer on November 19, 2020
Yes, the top portion is pvc and it is easily cut with a pvc pipe cutter.
By Amazon Customer on November 19, 2020
This made in China piece of junk is felt and cardboard with bleeding color on the felt. It is not carpet as described and I returned it immediately. If you insist, you can get the same sorry item at your local Walmart for half the price. I returned it as well.
By Boiling Springs, SC on November 20, 2020
Don’t do it. It really isn’t that sturdy.
By Nana T. Porter on November 19, 2020
Question:Will this fit 10 foot ceiling?
Answer:It does reach about a 10 foot ceiling. I will add that the shelfs are quite small and my cats have never used it. It's also not very sturdy.
By rebecca raymond on August 7, 2019
No. You'll have to add some sort of base to provide additional height which is what I did.
By Amazon Customer on August 7, 2019
Question:Are the poles solid inside? Or empty?
Answer:Solid with holes for screwing in the pieces.
By Jessica Leann on November 22, 2020
Empty with caps on each end. It's possible to adjust the size by sawing a tube to shorten it and then putting the cap back on.
By Nora Manley on November 22, 2020
They are empty, but very secure nonetheless. I have very active cats that like to jump on it and it hasn't slipped
By Agustina on November 23, 2020
Hollow. This is a very sturdy cat tree.
By Susan on November 22, 2020
Question:Does this work like a tension rod? Or do the measurements/parts need to be exact?
Answer:The top piece is tensioned. Our ceiling is 96" and 6" of the tree is the tensioned part. So your measurement needs to be within that range. The non-tensioned part is about 90" sitting on carpet. We do have this wedged against the back of the couch and the wall for stability. Also the carpet covering is really more like felt and is already starting to separate at the seams. The cats ignored it when in the first location. We moved it and it took about two weeks before they decided to check it out. My cat now loves it, especially if you put a little catnip or treats on the shelf. She plays on it but doesn't hang out since the shelves are not large enough to lay on. I have one cat without claws and she still ignores it. see less
By Tina on December 21, 2019
There is a large spring in the top section that creates tension against the ceiling. I still had to secure it to the wall though because it’s a little flimsy and the whole things flexes and bows when my little 9lb cat plays on it. That said, my cat loves it.
By Karen… on December 21, 2019
It is like a tension rod.
By pampered on December 21, 2019

