About this item
ROOMY AND ENJOYABLE: nicely cushioned and large platform bed with raised edging for your fur babies to sit on and look out the window, 2 spacious hideaway houses with plenty of lounging room for your kitties to sleep, sisal scratching posts to deter cats from clawing up your furniture, cozy basket, interactive jingly ball to play with. This cat condo will be big enough for your large cat, fun enough for your little one
STURDY AND STABLE: Super solid construction, well balanced design, strong base, cats can easily and safely leap on or off this cat tree
QUALITY PLUSH COVERING: The cat tower is composed of good quality plush material, which is very soft and comfortable, your furry family members will love the plush touch and enjoy exploring and sniffing around its new home, no scratching your furniture any more
EASY TO ASSEMBLE AND NICE LOOKING: Its attractive look will compliment any room in your house like a piece of nice pet furniture rather than a jungle gym. All the hardware and tools are included
SIZE: 19.7"L x 15.8"D x 31.9"H (50 x 40 x 81cm), perfect for large kitties/adult cats
Question:What is the weight limit? Our cat is 20 lbs 🤦🏼‍♀️.
Answer:I am not sure but it’s quite sturdy and it’s by a window and my 10 year old is leaning on it constantly w her body weight. I’ve seen A lot of cat tree condos, this one looks like a piece of furniture in the room in the light grey,, and the material is soft and not carpet looking. Our cat LOVES this! Highly recommend.
By MarcELLE on August 1, 2020
20 lbs should be fine. I have 2 cats at a time on this an no problem. Each weighs about 12 lbs
By jlninsfl on August 1, 2020
This will be fine for heavy cats, just not the side piece.
By Stephanie Gibbons on August 2, 2020
I don't hink it would be ok but I am telling you right now not to buy this product. It took over 4 hours and ALOT of cussing to put together.
By Pam Hurst on August 1, 2020
Question:is there a hole from the bottom cubby to get into the top cubby or are the separate/blocked off?
Answer:There is no hole but the sides of the upper cubby are not attached to the base of that cubby so my kitties can go between the cubbies. They love to play and nap in their condo.
By Amazon Customer on February 5, 2021
Dear aKSamsara,
Thanks a lot for your question.
The two cubbies are separated and blocked, there is not a hole from the bottom cubby to get into the top cubby. hope it can help you.
If you have any other question,please feel free to contact us.
Best wishes
Bewishome
By BEWISHOME SELLER  on February 6, 2021
No hole to go to the Top, it's blocked.
By Amazon Customer on February 6, 2021
They are two separate cubbies.
By Pam Hacker on February 5, 2021
No it’s a solid floor but cats/ kittens have no trouble getting in and out
By Amazon Customer on February 7, 2021
No
By Regina Bias on February 5, 2021
Question:I like the design for my cats & i think my teyga clean/ dirty sign is compatible. what is the height of the cat tree house from the floor?
Answer:Dear Jane S.,
Thanks a lot for your question.
The height of the cat tree house from the floor is about 53cm, hope it can help you. … see more
By BEWISHOME SELLER  on June 15, 2021
I don’t have a tape measure on hand to measure the precise height, but eye balling it I’d say it sits at about 2 1/2 feet tall.
By Kayla D on June 16, 2021
Ummm like 3.5 feet?
By CalliefromTX on June 16, 2021
Question:Can someone post a video on how to put this together?
Answer:Dear Diane ,
Thanks a lot for your question.
PLS kindly contact us through Amazon and we can send you assembly instructions in PDF.
If you have any other question,please feel free to contact us.
Best wishes
Bewishome see less
By BEWISHOME SELLER  on November 4, 2020
Question:I have very limited space where i want to put this. Can someone let me know how wide this is at the widest point? (Not including the hammock)
Answer:24 inches is the widest it measures....the little round hammock can be turned forward or to the side to give you more room, too - or completely left off of the unit. My kitten has loved it. It is not very tall, so it JUST makes it so my cat can see out of our windows. I was pleased with my purchase.
By D. Crossett on February 15, 2021
It’s about 16” wide, 24” long and about 32” high. And our cat loves it!!
By B. on February 14, 2021
I put mine in the corner of the room
By Regina Bias on February 13, 2021
Question:Is the top cushion removable for cleaning?
Answer:Dear Honored Customer,
Thanks a lot for your question.
The top cushion is not removable.
Hope it helps.
Best wishes,
Your BEWISHOME Team Support see less
By BEWISHOME SELLER  on September 25, 2019
The top cushion isn't removable. The material around the cubes does come off in one piece.
By Jennie R. Knutson on September 24, 2019
No, it is connected.
By Emilybs23 on September 24, 2019
Question:Can this be assembled without the hammock piece?
Answer:You have to assemble the cat tree condo when it comes so you can leave the hammock piece off. It is simple to put together.
My son's large cat, Leo, enjoys the cat tree condo very much. He is on it every day.
By Amazon Customer on January 10, 2021
Yes can be assembled without hammock. Works just fine.
By Stephanie Gibbons on January 11, 2021
Yes. The hammock slides on so you wouldn’t have to use it.
By Pam Hacker on January 12, 2021
I think so but it may cause the top bed to be a little off.
By B. on January 10, 2021
Yes can be assembled without hammock. Works just fine.
By Stephanie Gibbons on January 11, 2021
Yes. The hammock slides on so you wouldn’t have to use it.
By Pam Hacker on January 12, 2021
I think so but it may cause the top bed to be a little off.
By B. on January 10, 2021
Question:How do I re-attach the ball to the bell? My cat somehow pulled it off and I cannot figure it out.
Answer:Dear Honored Customer,
We are terribly sorry for this great inconvenience brought to you.
The ball is sewn on the string, could you please try to sew it?
Please don't worry, if you still can't resolve, please contact us through email. We will help you resolve.
Hope it helps.
Best wishes,
Your BEWISHOME Team Support see less
By BEWISHOME SELLER  on July 14, 2020
