About this item
WHAT YOU NEED: If you have an active kitten that needs a place to play and relax, we have the answer with the newly designed cat tree with paper roped covered scratch post, an interactive playground specially made for your cat to have fun and consume its energy!
QUALITY AND PROTECTIVE MATERIALS: The cat tree is composed with high quality particle board and natural jute fiber. The reinforced scratch posts are wrapped with our special paper rope instead of traditional sisal rope for skin-friendly.
LOVELY DESIGN: This simple-design three level cat tree combines two platforms for relaxing and a condo for sleeping, all for the comfort of your kitten. All the mats are removable for easy clean.
PROTECT YOUR HOME: Our cat tree is a great alternative for leaving your kitten alone without it damaging your furniture. Your lovely pet can scratch the paper rope post, play with the toy mouse and have fun while leaving your sofa and tiles free of scratches.
DURABLE CONSTRAUCTION: The cat tree will look lovely in your home due to the nice design and combination of colors. At the same time, the high quality particle board ensures stability, while the combination of jute fiber and paper rope is a joy for your cat that gets to play with all these textures without hurting its nails and paws.
Question:What is the max weight this can handle, my cat is 18 pounds?
Answer:I think it is ok for your cat.
My cat is almost 20 pounds.
It pretty stable for my cat.
By J.C on September 3, 2019
Question:Came with no directions for assembly??
Answer:My cat tree came with assembly instructions. It was all in pictures, no written words.
By Lainie on January 31, 2021
Yes they come with directions, if your didn’t, I would call the maker of the product, if that gets you no where then send it back
By john c. gambrell on February 1, 2021
Mine did. And I found it easy to assemble.
By Theresa L. Sammons on January 31, 2021
Question:Is there a larger version of this? I will keep this one but my cats do not fit inside the bottom. The materials are perfect for scratching.
Answer:They come in different styles and sizes, depending on how much you want to spend
By john c. gambrell on February 1, 2021
Question:can this be kept outside?
Answer:I'm thinking probably not. It's got a fabric cover all over with sisal on a post for scratching. Ours is in front of a window for our cat to see outside. If you have a covered porch it could possibly go there, but we have a 7 foot tree on our screened porch and move it when it rains because it's covered in fabric as well. Just move it out of the rains line of fire! see less
By Ronald S. Johnson on April 25, 2021
If can if you want it to but because of rain and snow it will start to break down over time, best kept indoors
By john c. gambrell on April 24, 2021
Depends on what you mean. Like outside with a shade? Coz if you put this out there without one with the elements (sun, rain, snow), it probably won’t last long.
By daphschizo on April 24, 2021
It is not water proof. So if you have a fully-covered patio/porch, it would likely be okay. But if it gets wet in snow or rain it will be ruined. Morning dew and humidity might also wreck it.
By Robyn Faintich on April 28, 2021
Question:Is the paper rope messy, like cardboard scratchers?
Answer:No the rope is not messy and my cat loves it!!!!
By Theresa Harriman on August 10, 2020
No, it comes off eventually in strings after heavy wear and tear, but not anywhere near as badly as cardboard scratchers.
By Christopher M. on August 8, 2020
Not at all. This is a great inexpensive little cat tree. I have 5 cats and they all love it.
By Star on August 8, 2020
No it's pretty sturdy. It does start to come apart slightly after several months but it does not make a mess.
By Ellen… on August 8, 2020
Question:Could a 12 lb cat (sturdy tomcat, not pudgy) with a cone fit inside the cubbyhole?
Answer:No..... will not be comfortable.
By Wendy on March 21, 2020
Question:My mom bought this and it was delivered without any hardware to put it together. Who/how can I co tact to resolve this? Her cats are really excited:)
Answer:There should be some paper work on how to put together to call manufacturers, if not send it back
By john c. gambrell on April 24, 2021
Question:Does this item require assembly?
Answer:Yes, it is in a box with all the parts, assemble may take about 15 mins.
By Catry Professional Cat Tree Co… SELLER  on September 6, 2019
Yes but it's not very difficult
By Laura… on September 6, 2019
Question:This is the second time ordering this cat tree on amazon and both shipments had parts a and b missing from box. i just need those sent.
Answer:Call the maker if the product, they will ship them out
By john c. gambrell on February 1, 2021
Question:Is the bed on top removable to wash?
Answer:It is a new one for me. I never wash it until now.
But every part is removable.
I think you can wash most part of it, because it is made of fabric and wood. … see more
By J.C on September 3, 2019
No, top part is not removable, you can use lint roller or vacuum to clean it.
By Catry Professional Cat Tree Co… SELLER  on September 2, 2019
Question:dimensions of top bed?
Answer:It’s 11 inches by roughly 16 inches
By Caroline B. on August 5, 2020
It’s not fully rectangle but at the largest points it is 15”w by 10”deep
By Robyn Faintich on August 5, 2020
just about 12", hope that helps you
By john c. gambrell on August 5, 2020
Question:Exactly how big is the base?
Answer:Scroll through the pictures and it tells you 17in
By Amazon Customer on September 26, 2019
