About this item
everything your cat needs: featuring a large cushioned cat bed, a spacious house for your kitties with plenty of room to sleep in, a raised perch for lounging, and multiple sisal scratching posts to keep your furniture scratch-free, our cat condo is perfect for your cats to climb, exercise, play, and relax.
the ultimate activity center: although the extra-large cat tree condo gives your cat plenty of room to climb and practice its natural hunting abilities, it also comes with an interactive jingly toy to play with, and a massage arch your cats can use to groom themselves.
sturdy and safe: the large cat tree is incredibly well balanced and stable, so your cats can climb or jump on and off the cat condo without having to worry about it toppling over, and is perfect for kittens, adults cats, and can even be used by up to 3 cats at the same time. moreover, the materials are non-toxic while the scratching posts are covered in natural sisal rope that helps your cat keep its claws healthy.
soft and comfortable: the cat perch bed and the cat house are covered in ultra-soft fleece that is incredibly comfortable and a pleasure cats to touch or rub against. furthermore, the massage arch offers a relaxing experience for your cat, and can even help stop shedding.
trendy and easy to install: our large cat condo is simple to install and comes with a detailed list of instructions so you can build your cat its own home in mere minutes! moreover, the cat tower activity center is designed to match any room décor and furniture, and features neutral tones of light grey and brown.
Age range description: All Life Stages
Question:What are the pads made of? (my cat loves this tree so much she won't use the other ones lol. I think its the texture of the pads she likes)
Answer:I'm not sure just what the material is. The inside is a firm rubber pad, and the outside soft but reminds me of sofa material. Unfortunately my cat loves is also but uses it as a scratch pad. He can stand on his back legs and stretch up to the top of the little house part and just scratch all day long if I let him but so far the material has held up. Sorry I can't help any more than that. see less
By N. Gurtizen on December 19, 2020
Question:Is it paper rope for scratching post or a true fiber sisal?
Answer:It is twisted paper
By Ceris L. on April 29, 2021
Question:Would this be ideal for a 17 pound cat?
Answer:I have two Maine coons that are over 20lbs and it’s very sturdy and they can fit in the “house”. They don’t like it though... I they like to be high and this is only about 3 feet tall.
By T. Lish on May 30, 2020
Question:Can I buy a larger bed for the top? My cat is long and seems to have a hard time getting cozy atop his perch
Answer:The one that comes with this is removeable to I believe as long as the replacement you purchase has reinforcements you should be fine
By Teena m. Alihassan on January 1, 2021
Question:Is it possible to replace the posts or do I need to purchase the rope and do it myself? Our cats have destroyed 3 of the posts
Answer:I think you need to ask the company that question. So far I haven't had that problem.
By N. Gurtizen on December 19, 2020
Question:Are people using a rug underneath it as shown?
Answer:I'm not, I have it on the corner on my tiled floor
By Ceris L. on April 29, 2021
Question:Is the cat perch bed removable/machine washable?
Answer:Yes all of the pads are removable and washable.
By Kimberly Shetler on February 3, 2020
Question:I don't see the dimensions of three-level elevated cat tree condo with massage & particle board; can someone provide?
Answer:I just measured mine. About 42.5 inches high. The base is 19 inch square. The house is 15 inch square. The little perch is 11 inch square. From left to right is about 27.5 inches. This includes the house and the perch to the right.
By N. Gurtizen on February 6, 2021
Question:Hello. Has anyone found this to be wobbly? Thank you 🙏🏼 in advance.
Answer:No not at all
By Kimberly Shetler on February 3, 2020
Question:Was there a noticeable odor when you first received this item? Thank you in advance for any help.
Answer:Yes it had a wood smell.
By Kimberly Shetler on February 3, 2020
Question:Does your cat actually use the "massage arc"?
Answer:Not so far. I tried to show him how it works and he wanted nothing to do with it. But then he took a long time to figure out how the house worked and the perch on top. He finally gets on top and likes to lay there and watch the cars go by the house and last summer I found him inside the house a couple times when the sun hit the porch. So I won't be surprised if he starts using the massage arc this coming summer. see less
By N. Gurtizen on February 6, 2021
Question:Has this remained sturdy for those who have purchased? Do you still consider it a good item? Thank you for any help.
Answer:Yes, very sturdy and good quality!
By T. Lish on May 30, 2020
