About this item
LOUNGE IN CAT BED - What does a cat most often do? The answer is always chilling. Our Catry cat bed with scratching post is a sunflower cat tree for your cute kitten to lazily recline. The well-designed cat bed tenderly holds cat like a lover's hug. And the cat tower offers cat an option to chill out from a higher view with their endless curiosities from ground.
PLAY BY CLAWS - What else does a cat do other than sleep? Of course, it's PLAY, by their Claws! Catry cat scratching post always provides a mate-like attraction to cats. This Catry cat tree is meant to designed as an all-size product for purposes. By the scratching post with high quality green color sisal materials, kittens will enjoy their play by their "hunter's" claws. We make sure that our Catry scratch posts always draw pets attention ASAP.
SUNFLOWER CAT TREE - Catry Design is always aiming at the principle that making the products nicer and easier. By putting the idea of sunflower, we have successfully brought this simple and cute looking cat tree product to all the kitten owners. It will never get disappointing by drawing cat’s attention. It's cute. It attracts.
DESIGN FOR A CAT LOUNGE - As a kitty bed, Catry cat beds for indoor cats always see the cat's demands as priority. With all tools and instructions included, Catry devote all design purposes to sturdier cat shelves structure, easier cat furniture installation and cleaning.
PREMIUM QUALITY CONTROL - With more than 20 years manufacture experience in the pet-supply industry, Catry has kept challenging to break any limitations of the best quality products. 100% guaranteed return with your satisfaction, you have our words.
Question:how do i make the flower lay flat? I can't unscrew the slanted base under the flower? does anyone know which direction is u screws?
Answer:You may have it screwed on too tight. It unscrews from the tower and then it unscrews from under the flower. Then you put the flower on the post flat.
By Kendra on November 19, 2020
I would recommend unscrewing the flower top first and then trying the slanted base. It loosens to the left.
By Kelsey on November 19, 2020
Question:how do you make the flower lay flat? So the cat can sit on it?
Answer:There is an extra part included in the package, you can put it on or take it off to adjust the flower.
By Catry Professional Cat Tree Co… SELLER  on November 4, 2020
i remember there's a small wood part, take it off and put the flower on the middle part directly.
By DOGNESS on November 3, 2020
Question:Is this tall enough for a cat to stretch out while scratching?
Answer:It depend how big of your cat. The height of this product is 26". The length of the scratching post is about 20 inches.
By Catry Professional Cat Tree Co… SELLER  on November 13, 2020
My kitten isn't very big, but she lies down on the fuzzy gray base to scratch the post, it's pretty short. If you make the sunflower diagonal it should be tall enough for most cats to stretch up to scratch the top.
By B on November 13, 2020
My 6 month old kitten loves sleeping in the top but has never touched the leg. I will have to buy a full-fledged scratching post soon. However, she loves her nest and I am glad I purchased it.
By Elaine M Cuenca on November 13, 2020
Yes
By SDH on November 13, 2020
Question:Is this big enought for a cat wide 14 inches...long 21 inches?
Answer:The flower is 17 inches in diameter, it is not big enough for him to lay on there , but it's good to being a scratching post.
By Catry Professional Cat Tree Co… SELLER  on December 19, 2019
if Your cat is 14” wide it will have a hard time climbing up.
By C. H. Morrison on December 18, 2019
My 18 pound cat lays on it and scratches it! He loves it. So does the new guy! Coolest scratcher,play, mapper every!
By GroovyChell on August 7, 2020
Question:What is the flower size?
Answer:The size of the flower is 17 inches diameter.
By Catry Professional Cat Tree Co… SELLER  on December 19, 2019
Question:How tall is it?
Answer:The tall in 26 inches when build in flower, 17 inches as you build as a perch.
By Catry Professional Cat Tree Co… SELLER  on December 19, 2019
about 26 inches when angled
By Rabbit on December 18, 2019
Question:Where is it made?
Answer:The product is made in China.
By Catry Professional Cat Tree Co… SELLER  on December 27, 2019
It comes from China, so I am assuming that it’s also made there. It is very well made, tho!
By J. Broadley on December 28, 2019
Question:What is the diameter of the pole?
Answer:The diameter of the post is 2.8 inches.
By Catry Professional Cat Tree Co… SELLER  on September 17, 2020
Question:What is the flower dimensions?
Answer:The diameter of the flower is 17 inches, the height when it as a flower is 26 inches, the height when it as a perch is 17 inches.
By Catry Professional Cat Tree Co… SELLER  on December 19, 2019
Our kitty flower is 17” in diameter. That is from petal tip to petal tip. It’s also 17” high.
By C. H. Morrison on December 18, 2019
Just looking @ it guessing....a little over a foot? Maybe 14-16 inches
By Katie Kolonich on December 19, 2019
