About this item
ALL-IN-ONE CAT HOUSE: Furnished with cushioned viewing platforms, spacious cat caves, and 2Pcs replaceable dangle toy. In addition, a detailed manual is included. MQ cat tree tower with ergonomic design, your cats can jump and play on every level. A roomy condo for your cats to lounge and sprawl out freely.
HEALTHY & EASY TO ASSEMBLE: The natural sisal ropes and CARB-certified P2-grade particle boards make this cat tree stand a green home furniture. It can be safely secured to the wall with the wall strip. Please refer to the manual for detailed installation method.
STURDY & ANTI-FALL: The reinforced wood base plate makes the whole cat play tree stable; sturdy sisal-covered scratching posts keep your cats off your furniture; equipped with a wall strip to prevent tip-overs.
PLAY IN KITTEN COMFORT: Soft plush covering can withstand scratchy paws and allow your cats to go into deep sleeps while basking in luxury. MQ cat tree condo has all the essential elements needed for kitten comfort.
AFTER-SALES SERVICE: If you have any questions while using MQ Cat tree, please feel free to contact us and our friendly customer service will reply you as soon as possible.
Question:Can it be assembled differently or it can only be assembled like the picture?
Answer:It can be assembled differently as long as the screws/holes line up.
By Carie C on August 23, 2020
It is predrilled to be configured as shown. I don’t think it can be assembled in any other fashion.
By C Schoenberger on August 23, 2020
It was easy to assemble by following the directions. However I’m not creative and my skills are limited to directions. I do not see how it could be reconfigured as all parts are cut to fit and screw together.
By teresa trisler on August 23, 2020
Question:How can I find replacement balls for this one??? In Beige.
Answer:It comes with one replacement ball. But most stores sell various types of replacement strings with balls.
By Jo on August 10, 2021
Question:Will this fit a Bombay cat 2 1/2 ft long??
Answer:I would think so
By Ginger H on May 6, 2021
Question:How do i find the video that shows how to put this cat tree together?
Answer:The installation manual is included in the parcel. It's really easy to put them together with the pictures and direction on the book.
By MQ Care SELLER  on April 14, 2021
Question:Very cute design and it's better with teyga magnet clean and dirty sign which is made of bamboo. what is the size of this cat tree house ?
Answer:Hi friend, You can refer to the third image in the link for a detailed size description.Thanks
By MQ Care SELLER  on August 13, 2021
Question:Is it big enough for a 17 pound cat?
Answer:I think it would be. My cats are both around 15lbs and they both absolutely love it! I would definitely recommend anchoring it to the wall or adding extra weight to the bottom though. It can be a little wobbly if they come running quickly and jump on it.
By Amazon Customer on July 6, 2020
I know this was months ago, but my kittys 20 pounds and he loves it
By Monica on March 20, 2021
Question:What size is the top platform
Answer:The dimension of the top platform is 13.4 in x 20.1 in.
By MQ Care SELLER  on May 7, 2021
I don't have the measurements as I gave this as a gift, but I do know that it is nice plush & soft. And their cat is now big and still fits on it just fine. Hope that helps
By Ginger H on May 6, 2021
Question:Can I order a replacement on just the hammock?
Answer:I believe you can, but I’d try contacting the manufacturer.
By Kellykid on September 20, 2021
Question:Is this chemical free? Does it have an odor at all?
Answer:I have had this over a year, did not notice any chemical smell. Both my cats like it and it gets used frequently
By Linda F. Townsend on July 25, 2021
I never noticed an odor at all. Love it!
By Ginger H on July 25, 2021
There is a slight “new” odor.
By Kellykid on July 25, 2021
Nothing that is not expected from a newly opened cat tower.
By Cody McIntyre on July 25, 2021
