About this item
Creative and Functional: Different from carpet-covered cat trees, we designed this wood cat tree which combines an elegant look with practicality.
Easy to Clean: The soft pads can be detached for washing, preventing the growth of bacteria and bugs, to create a clean and comfortable environment for cats.
Simple to Assemble: The instruction comes with lots of images which is very easy to follow. From children to the elderly, people of all ages could easily assemble the cat furniture within one or two hours. All tools and accessories needed are given in the package. 4 foam pads could be stuck on the bottom to protect your floor from scuffing.
Well-Made and Reliable: Worried about stability? It is sturdy enough for multi-cats to play. You can fasten it to the wall with the security strap, then the cats can jump up and down freely without wobbly!
Release Nature Instincts of Cats: The cute trouble makers who love climbing and chasing can't miss this cat tree! The hanging furry ball(with a replacement) and rope will drive them crazy!
Protect Furniture from Claws: High perch, steps, and scratch posts could save your furniture and curtains! Cat-shaped door condo and hammock allow kittens to rest after exercise.
Online Q & A: Our customer service will help you as soon as possible if needed. Please feel free to tell us your considerations. Get Start Now! Don't hesitate to build a stylish functional activity park for your pet friends together with Made4Pets!
Question:Can the little box/house be assembled without the white cat-head plastic opening? Like could I assemble this whole thing and leave the house open?
Answer:Yes! The white covering with the cat opening can easily be left out. It just slides into the two wooden spots for decorative purposes.
By Jenna on May 10, 2020
I believe so, yes. The white cat part is just a simple slide in..
By Jackie on May 19, 2020
Question:Can you replace the sisal rope scratch post when they get worn
Answer:It is relatively easy to replace the sisal rope on a post without replacing an actual post. There are videos on YouTube how to do that. Sisal rope is $6 for 100 yards in Walmart.
By JYK on June 12, 2021
After a long back and forth with the seller they finally admitted that you CANNOT buy replacement posts on their website/amazon. Please be aware of that before purchasing. My posts were destroyed after 6 months and no replacement are available. They said I should buy a completely new tree.
By dz on February 26, 2021
Yes, they can be replaced when there is a necessary.
By Made4Pet SELLER  on May 15, 2020
I saw on another cat product that someone purchased sisal rope from Amazon and hot glued it to the poles.
By Panini head on March 14, 2021
Question:Can the orientation be reversed so that the top perch is on the left?
Answer:Dear Customer,

The top perch can not be reversed to the right, as there is a hole in the top board (left side) which connected the 2 posts on the right.
By Made4Pet SELLER  on January 12, 2021
I don't see why not! There are holes on both sides of that rectangular piece of wood it connects to... you would just switch the hardware so you could put the perch on the left. The cloth piece is velcro, so that could be switched easily.
By Deena on December 31, 2020
I don’t think so. But, then, I didn’t add the last pole and top perch. It would have been way too tall for my little kitty to get up there. It’s almost too tall even without it.
By Nancy M. on December 30, 2020
Question:Does this come with 3 boxes?
Answer:I’m not sure if you meant delivered in 3 boxes ( no just one) and there is only one box on tree😽
By suzanne Clabo on August 17, 2020
There’s only 1 “box” what you see in the picture of the cave with a cat face cutout.
By Monica on August 17, 2020
2 boxes and super easy to assemble! The boxes are heavy because the cat tree is substantial and stable.
By Beverly R. on August 17, 2020
Question:I'm ordering this as a surprise gift - does the box it's shipped in show any hint to the cat tree inside the box?
Answer:Hi there, the cat tree is packaged in a brown carton, there is no picture on the carton mark. Only an Item# to identify which product it is. Only when you open the box, you can find out that it's a modern cat tree.
By Made4Pet SELLER  on April 27, 2021
Yes it does. The box is also quite heavy so be sure your recipient is able to lift it. Once assembled, it’s easier to move around.
By Nancy M. on April 19, 2021
Yes
By Loyda A. Straub on April 19, 2021
Question:How do you contact the seller?
Answer:Customer service tab.
By Mrs.Heather on October 8, 2020
Question:If this is outside will rain and water ruin wood?
Answer:This tree is Not for outside.
By Martha on October 8, 2020
I don’t know from experience, but I wouldn’t recommend it. There are too many areas on the cat tower that I would never want to get wet in my opinion. I.e. sisal rope and the hammock
By Deena on October 8, 2020
Yes. This does not belong outdoors.
By Mrs.Heather on October 8, 2020
'm pretty sure it would....
By Beverly R. on October 8, 2020
Question:Can I change the top spot to a bed? Is it possible to buy a bed (cushion around) and replace the top pad?
Answer:I have this cat tree. It’s really nice. I added another hammock that i ordered on Amazon. It doesn’t match but that’s okay. As far as a bed on too... The top circle platform is pretty small, maybe 12-15 inches. You could make or possibly buy a different top platform since they just screw onto the sisal post.
By Katie C on January 12, 2021
Question:what are the measurements of the little house? Need to know if my adult cats will fit.
Answer:It’s 1foot square. Our female can fit but the male, who is a chunker wouldn’t fit. FYI we got it to replace a talk carpet tower. It’s adorable and we had high hopes but the cats won’t use it. They are typical cats, very quirky,
so your cats may love it.
By Sue Knop on December 29, 2019
Question:Without the traditional carpeting on this tree, is it hard for cats to climb?
Answer:My cat hasn’t had any problems. The poles are covered in sisal which works for her. It’s a much better looking tree since it doesn’t have the cheap carpet.
By deborah l. on November 30, 2020
It takes a while for my cat to learn how to climb it. But now he is a master and doesn’t seems to have any trouble.
By Ducksarecool on November 26, 2020
My cats haven't had any difficulty. They were young, and natural jumpers. My surviving cat is 6 and loves the tower
By Michael Perez on November 26, 2020
On my case, they just jump on it and they have had no trouble
By Aadeabreu on November 26, 2020
Yes. They will slip.
By Mrs.Heather on November 27, 2020
Question:Is the cat pole weatherproof?
Answer:Hi there,
This cat tree is designed to be placed at indoor, so the cat pole is not weatherproof. Sorry for that and hope this information is helpful and if you have any more concerns, pls feel free to contact us.
By Made4Pet SELLER  on June 15, 2020
I don’t know. But I just have to tell you out of all the cat towers we ever had for our Kitties and there has been many, MANY !! This one is the best. After years of trying to keep those darn carpeted ones clean, I just put my foot down and started looking for an all wood one. Will we got the perfect one.
By Amazon Customer judy gomez on June 15, 2020
It’s soft material so I wouldn’t recommend putting it outdoors.
By Jenna on June 15, 2020
Question:What is the height between the tallest platform and 2nd-tallest platform? I'm trying to determine if cat's auto feeder would fit or if its too tall.
Answer:I'm so sorry, but I don't know. I had this sent to my mother for her kitty cat. She's on the West Coast (and she's 83 yrs old) and I'm on the East Coast.
By Esther R. R. on December 21, 2021
