About this item
MODERN AND SIMPLE DESIGN: Sleek construction, stylish finishes and clean appearance make this modern cat tree look great anywhere in your home. Only four layers but with all amenities your cats need include. Compared with a traditional cat tree, the condo and the platform of this cat tree is covered with gray wood grain instead of carpet so that you can see its texture directly, also make it look more like a real furniture rather than a cat playhouse.
MAXIMIZED STABILITY: Reinforced base made by CARB-certified natural particle boards covered with polyester not only to ensure the entire stability, but also to prevent sliding and help protect floor. 3 well-placed posts (dia.: 2.95in) support a large condo with a platform allows to bear more than 150lbs (equal to the weight of an adult male), so it will not wobble or tip over even a large cat jump up to it.
DELUXE ACTIVITY CENTER: This medium yet multi-functional cat tree provides a lot of fun of climbing up and down for different height to satisfy your feline’s daily activities. Your cats will like to hide in the cozy condo to have a private sleep, scratch and climb on the straight posts till to the top sofa perch to survey the whole castle and enjoy the bird watching.
SISAL-COVERED SCRATCHING POSTS: Natural sisal rope, which is scratchable and durable, fully wrapping on 2 strong scratching posts provide plenty of scratching zone to allow nail scratching and help keep claws healthy. Sisal-covered posts will give your cats a feeling like scratching on tree bark. So your cats will stop to ruin your furniture once you bring this cat tree to home.
100% SATISFACTION GUARANTEED: Made4Pets provides you with professional customer service both before and after your purchase. Easy to assemble with detailed instructions and all necessary tools. Feel free to contact us if you have any problem with the cat tree.
Question:How hard is this to put together?
Answer:Not hard at all. We did it in about 20 minutes. The instructions were pretty clear.
By Ginger Yeatr on February 21, 2020
No it’s actually very easy to make. The directions were very easy and everything was labeled nicely. I never build anything and I didn’t have any problem.
By Emily on February 20, 2020
Not difficult... and im terrible when it comes to assembling anything
By Peter Cassano on February 20, 2020
Question:Is this gig enough for a 16 lb cat?
Answer:I think the house part would be big enough. My cats are 10 lbs and they fit great.
By Mamiedale on March 1, 2020
My cat is about 8 lb and it’s a perfect size for him, not sure if the bigger cat will be happy with the space.
By Anna on February 29, 2020
The “house” part would be tight. My cat doesn’t care for it. The rest would be fine as it is heavy & stable
By Paula on March 4, 2020
Question:Am I able to return this if it is too small for my cat?
Answer:My cat is a black Bombay and he’s 15 pounds of fur and love and he fits in the little hole quite well. He doesn’t like the pillow it came with so we stuffed his blanket in the hole. Cats like tight spots. Or at least mine does.
By Just the average person on June 28, 2020
Question:Was there a noticeable odor when you first received this item? Thank you in advance for any help.
Answer:Nope.
By CapitalGuy on July 31, 2020
No.
By Ginger Yeatr on February 21, 2020
Question:Could i attatch a hammock?
Answer:It would depend on you’re creativity IMO. It would be a very tight fit in the area between the long post and the hole, and I’m not very sure if the wood would crack with screws. I hope this helps.
By Just the average person on June 28, 2020
You can do whatever you put your mind to... but idk how to attach one to this tree
By Kayla on June 28, 2020
I don't think there would be room.
By Mamiedale on June 29, 2020
Question:Can you buy replacement scratching posts
Answer:Yes. You can buy replacement scratching posts from the seller. Pls feel free to contact us.
By Made4Pet SELLER  on August 6, 2020
Question:Is this returnable?
Answer:Idk the answer to this question. But I can say it’s absolutely adorable and my cat loved it as it was being built.
By Just the average person on June 28, 2020
Question:Is the bottom platform wood or covered in material?
Answer:It's wood and it's covered by a cotton like material
By Mickey fanatic… on November 4, 2020
It is covered in material.
By Amazon Customer on November 7, 2020
Question:Can this be built "mirrored" such that the cat house portion is on the left side with the opening still facing forward?
Answer:Yes! I switched mine around several times before deciding exactly how and where I was setting it up. It was really easy to switch and you do have to take several pieces apart, but simple enough to do several times.
By Nat on August 18, 2020
I would imagine yes. The box is just pieced together. I’d imagine you could just flip the two panels
By mark bracken on August 17, 2020
Question:Hello. What is the shipping dimensions of this product? I need the shipping dimensions, not the product dimensions, please :)
Answer:Hi,
The shipping dimension or the package box dimension is about 28*18*8.3 inches (71cm*46cm*21cm). Hope this information is helpful and if you have any more concerns, pls feel free to contact us again.
By Made4Pet SELLER  on June 9, 2020
Question:Is this made in America?
Answer:Hi,
This product is made in China.
By Made4Pet SELLER  on June 9, 2020
Question:What is the measurement in inches of the bottom open space between the inside of scratching post and inside of the condo support posts?
Answer:It is 14 3/8” between inside of of scratching post and the supports under the box. There are two supports under the box.
It is a really good quality cat tree.
By RobinSgroi on October 14, 2020
Hi there，
You can check a detailed size of each part on the product sale page(the third picture). Hope this information is helpful.
By Made4Pet SELLER  on October 15, 2020
