About this item
BEARTIFUL AND STURDY:This modern and upgrade tree with sleek construction and stylish finises looks clean and great. Its heavy duty baseboard and well balanced design ensure its stability.The security strap allow it to be anchored to the wall help prevent from tippling over
WIDEN AND SPACIOUS: The extra large elevated perch with raised rim offer maximum comfort and strong support for feline friend while they are lounging and resting. It stands 34 inches tall is perfect height for bird watching and enjoy the sunshine.Your felines will definitely love it!
COZY AND PRIVACY:The dual condos comes with ultra soft cushion offered a quiet and private place to curl up sleep and rest. The different distribution of the cubby house satisfy different age of cats as the floor apartment requires no steps is great for elder and young kittens.
HEALTY AND FUN: Full wrapped with natural sisal,the scratching post will completely satisfy their instinct of scratching and keeps their claws from your expensive furniture! The ramp covered with sisal mat not only aid cat to the upper level but also increase the scratching experience.
REASONABLE AND DETACHABLE:Your little “tiger” are fascinated with the fuzzy ball. With the unique design, the dangling ball is detachable,you could replace if it is torn off. What’s better,we provide the spare replacement
Question:Whats the weight limit ? My cat weights around 20lb
Answer:My cat weighs 14lbs and has no problem with her weight. It’s very sturdy, however she does have a problem manipulating the top perch at times.
By Sherry S. Parke on December 3, 2019
Hi. I'm not sure what the weight limit is, but I'm sure your cat will just enjoy it just as well.
That's a whole lot of love. My cat weighs about 18 pounds.
Happy Holidays!
Laura
By Laura A. on December 4, 2019
My daughters cat weighs over 20 too. It’s very sturdy and doesn’t budge when he jumps up. Another cat shares it. Never a problem.
By donna burns on December 4, 2019
Your cat should be fine, my mama kitty weighs 16 lbs and jumps from the sofa to the cat condo all the time and it is plenty sturdy.
By Shetty Moose on December 5, 2019
Two of my cats have been on the top shelf together without issue. Collectively they probably weigh 14 pounds.
By Elizabeth on December 4, 2019
My kitten just hit 20lbs and he can sleep on top but doesnt fit in the rest.
By Linda Burrell on December 3, 2019
I have a 13 lb over-sized kitten. He runs and jumps on the top shelf with a lot of force. He's been doing this repeatedly throughout the day each day for the last two months. It is holding very well. However, he is very long and when he curls up on the top the rolled edges splay out. It isn't a problem but I do wish I had one that had a larger top shelf. I do like the tower; however, once he wears this one out I will probably look for one with a larger top level. see less
By cbart on December 3, 2019
Question:Es desarmable?
Answer:Si, viene desarmado y se ve fácil desarmar, todo el sistema es con tornillos muy firmes
By Henry Tapia Molina on May 17, 2019
Question:Does the top bed have a removable/ washable cushion?
Answer:yes, the top cover is removable and machine washable. wish the info could help you. Thank you and best wishes.
By Sweet Pet SELLER  on July 15, 2019
Yes, it can be removed and I assume washed. It’s a great tower. My cat loves it.
By Jan from NJ on July 14, 2019
It’s removable. I’ve vacuumed the fur off but I haven’t tried washing it.
By Linda Maxwell-Jordan on July 14, 2019
Yes its removable. idk if its washable though.
By Elizabeth on July 14, 2019
Yes
By David Rogers on July 14, 2019
Yes
By Kindle Customer on July 14, 2019
Question:Does board B confuse anyone else? The holes don't match up with the ones on A?
Answer:We don’t remember which was A or B, but we do remember having to turn one of the boards upside down to solve the same problem...holes not lining up.
By Roger & Ellen on June 20, 2019
Question:Is it sturdy ? should it be anchored to the wall ?
Answer:Dear Customer, it is quite sturdy with its heavy-duty bottom so it could works as a free standing with its well balanced design . wish the info could help you make the right choice. thank you and best wishes.
By Sweet Pet SELLER  on August 8, 2019
Question:How does cat get to the top perch? Does she have to jump from the ground? Or can she jump from the top of the middle cube? Big enough for large cat?
Answer:They can get to the top from the middle cube or jump from the floor. Mine does it both ways. I would say it is not big enough for a large cat. It is only about 14" by 18". My cat likes to sleep all stretched out so she doesn't use it a lot anymore and she weighs about 8#
By Kindle Customer on July 9, 2020
My kitten is a Maine Coon mix (8 months old). She is able to jump to the top perch if she is excited, but typically jumps from the top of the bottom enclosure to the middle and then the top. The “bed” on top is meant for the average sized cat. My baby can sit in it, but if she attempts to lie down, her sides hang over. :-) She still enjoys it, though. It fits perfectly next to my window sill, which was what I wanted, and my kitty loves sitting on it and observing the birds and other outdoor creatures. Great purchase. see less
By DocMom on July 9, 2020
My 12 week old kitten has no trouble at all getting to the top perch. He gets up by jumping up to each level or even scaling the pole and climbing up into the perch. Hence, why it’s so good he uses this rather than my furniture! I believe it is big enough for a grown cat.
By jbehling on July 9, 2020
The top is offset from the middle far enough for the cats to jump from the middle to the top. I have a large (13-14 lbs) cat who fits just fine.
By Rebecca D. on July 10, 2020
Yes, There is enough room for our full size cat to move from level to level.
By Bonnie on July 9, 2020
Question:I am missing the hole on the top board to hang the dangling ball. Any suggestions ?
Answer:Ours came with a (nutsert) installed in the board to screw in the fitting for the ball. Drill a small hole and install a eye hook and tie the ball on.
By Dianne on July 27, 2021
It's on the board, a little silver spot that you can screw it in at. If you put the fuzzy cover on already it may have covered it up. Look under the fuzzy cover and you may see it ;-) good luck! My cat loves this thing by the window to look out in comfort. Enjoy!
By Amazon Customer on July 27, 2021
I wouldn't try to attach the ball and string other than how the manufacturer indicates, i.e. don't staple or glue or screw it on. You could tie it around one of the sisal posts. Lame answer, I know, but safest for your pet.
By Chris on July 27, 2021
Question:I just recieved this cat tower in gray. extremely frustrated as it did not come with instructions! now what?
Answer:Ours did, did you try to contact the seller?
By AOU on November 5, 2021
Question:Does anyone know the dimension of the top perch? Is it larger than 14". The one I have now is 12" and my cat hangs over it..
Answer:Hi there, the top perch is 15.3" L X12"W, wish the info will help you make the right choice. thank you and best wishes.
By Sweet Pet SELLER  on June 12, 2019
Question:Is there a way to order a replacement for the top cushion?
Answer:Yes, pls contact with us through amazon. The prelacement could be sold solely.
Thank you and best wishes.
By Sweet Pet SELLER  on May 19, 2021
Question:Can I buy a pillow for the bed?
Answer:yes , we have the momoal calming round donut pet bed, it's a hit in this house.
By victoria l. on November 5, 2021
Question:Can the ramp be placed on the side instead of the front? (or entirely removed)
Answer:No you can’t. There are screws that attach the ramp to the tower. It could be removed but it wold leave holes in the platform.
By Sherry S. Parke on November 3, 2019
The attachment holes are in the front only. But you don't have to put it on. My cats like to scratch it and they don't use it as a ramp.
By kneadtherapy on November 3, 2019
Hi. Yes, you can remove the ramp entirely. I don't think you can place it on the side because there aren't any holes drilled into the board to screw it on to.
I hope this helps you.
Have a great day!
By Laura A. on November 2, 2019
The ramp only has holes in the front for it to be affixed to the structure. Now if you dont wanna attach it is entirely up to your preference.
By Elizabeth on November 5, 2019
you can remove it entirely
By James McWilliams on November 4, 2019
There are holes predrilled to attach the ramp. It could easily be left off.
By donna burns on November 2, 2019
I don’t know whether it can be moved to the side, but when you put it all together, you can certainly omit putting it on.
By Jan from NJ on November 3, 2019

