About this item
GREAT COLOR:wonderful color fits great with your window and furniture in your house，it is adorable.Big cat is not suitable.
LARGE PLATFORM &SOFT HAMMOCK：enough room for your fury baby to sleep and relax,the plaftorm is large .Muti-levels for cat to jump up and down，the hammock is good for cat to sleep and relax
NATURAL SISAL SCRACHING POST & TREE TOY POSTS : Wrapped with natural sisal rope to allow nail scratching ,it is good to protect your safa and funiture,cat will like this three toy posts ,your baby will touch and play it
SOFT AND COMFORTABLE MATERIAL: natural sisal sctraching post for cat scratching ,standard safe board,High quality faux fur is soft
PROFEESIONAL CUSTOMER CUSTOMER: if anything we can help,please do not hesitate to conttact us! We will provide professional customer service both before and after your purchase.
Question:Has anyone replaced the poorly made parts with the us-made feline design columns, or did you just purchase another cheap cat tree?
Answer:I returned it and paid the money for a better one.
By Familyof7 on September 8, 2020
Question:How tall is this?
Answer:About 4 feet
By eugene atanasio on November 6, 2020
Question:Can no get the toys in the top to go in the little holes
Answer:I couldn’t get them on either! Thought this was pretty cheap! I got them in the holes but they wouldn’t stay in.
By Dana B. on January 26, 2022
Question:Why can't I return this? Amazon tells me there is an error when I click on "return item"
Answer:Does it say it is returnable? You may need to contact customer service.
By Dana B. on January 26, 2022
Question:What is the size of this cat tree house ? i want to install this to my teyga magnet clean/dirty to educate my kids.
Answer:About 4 feet when built
By cara ward on June 10, 2021
Question:How tall is this product
Answer:Dear sir/madam,
It is 45.6inches （116cm）.
By MIAO PAW SELLER  on January 14, 2020
Question:We just received our order, up there are no instructions. Can we please get the assembly directions?
Answer:We weren’t able to get it together and returned it
By Familyof7 on August 31, 2020
