About this item
MORE FUN TO PLAY: The cat scratching post lined with sisal ropes will be perfect for your cats to scratch and sharpen their claws, also free your furniture from sharp little claws; finished with a cozy basket; removable interactive ball and the jingle bell to play with
SOFT AND COMFORTABLE: Cat trees and towers with extremely soft fabric, the cushy top perch allows them enjoy their new view out of the window. Designed with napping platform, your furry baby will totally in love with it
STURDY & SAFE: Safety designed with reinforced base, will sturdy enough for cat to climb or hang off on. Safety precaution anchored into the wall to prevent tipping over
EASY TO ASSEMBLE: Easy to assemble with all the hardware, tools and step-by-step instruction. If you have any problems about the product, please feel free to contact us. Our customer service team will always stand by here to assist you
OVERALL SIZE: 19.7”L x 15.7”W x 34.2”H(50 x 40 x 87cm). Ideal for climbing, scratching, sleeping and exercising, your feline baby will love their new cat castles
Question:Can’t figure out step eight
Answer:Step 8 is to anchor it to the wall. The attached strap can be attached to the wall to give it more stability. I did not use it as I have it sitting by a window and find it stable enough without it.
By Melanie Trowbridge on February 26, 2022
Question:I can’t get past step 4 and can’t find a video on YouTube for this specific model. Help!
Answer:Dear customer,
Thank you for your kind answer.
Thank you for your great support on our shop.
The step 4 is to put the board B on the two C1 posts, in this step, you need to use the two S1 screws to assemble the B board and also use the small S4 hook to help tightening the screws.
If you have any other question or requirement, please feel free to contact us. Our customer service team will always stand by here to assist you.
Good night
Yours sincerely,
Amy
BEWISHOME CUSTOMER SERVICES REP. see less
By BEWISHOME SELLER  on September 1, 2020
Question:Im getting a kitten soon, i was wondering would this be fine for it when its a kitten and a full grown cat?
Answer:I think that it would work just fine at all your little one's stages of life. Kittens are very nimble and will figure out climbing quickly. My adults cats like it a lot. One of mine spends most of the day on the top level, looking out of the window.
By Melanie Trowbridge on February 26, 2022
Yep, we got it when we first got our kitten and he's now close to 12 lbs at a year and still sleeps in the bucket area and uses the cat tree daily.
By Christie on February 26, 2022
Yes, this is perfect for kittens and grown cats
By Sahar on February 28, 2022
Yes my cats are now a year old and chunky and they both still love this tree
By Danielle Fiske on February 26, 2022
Question:The very top of the tree doesn’t screw on. Is it supposed to hook to a wall?
Answer:Dear Customer,
Thanks a lot for your question.
The eighth step is to assemble the belt to the wall to prevent the cat tree from falling down.
If you have any other question,please feel free to contact us.
Best wishes
Bewishome see less
By BEWISHOME SELLER  on December 18, 2020
Everything screws together. Nothing HAS to be attached to a wall.
By JULIE BULLENE on December 18, 2020
Question:What’s the weight limit for cats
Answer:Im not sure of the cat weight limit, but my toddler loves climbing on it and she’s 20lbs and the only spot that doesn’t hold her is the hanging canopy bed. She safely sits on the ledge and the very top. Hopefully that helps give you some idea.
By Terran on November 17, 2021
My cats are 10-12 lbs each and it is about right. If they were bigger , it might ne a little small. They both use it every day. Plush is very soft and they love the scratching posts.
By irene adler on November 18, 2021
We have a 18lb cat and he lays in it with no problems.
By Yolonda Bartles on November 17, 2021
Question:What is the weight limit for the kitten basket?
Answer:Our small female cat who weighs about 3.5 lbs sleeps in it normally. Her sibling, a neutered male, who is a little on the heavy side at 8 lbs, has been known to try to fit in it and it seems to hold his weight just fine.
By monkeylumps on December 13, 2020
Our cat is about 14 pounds. The hammock looks like it is for a kitten or smaller cat. I don’t believe it would safely hold our large cat. She has reached into it for a treat. . The other platforms can hold our cat fine. It is very sturdy! 👏
By Amazon Customer on December 13, 2020
Our female weighs about 10 lbs and she lays in it just fine
By Yolonda Bartles on December 13, 2020
Question:How do I attach the bed to the posts? The bed goes into the screws just fine but I don’t see any area to tighten it.
Answer:I am trying to remember how it went together. I am thinking that I attached the posts to the bed by turning the posts to tighten them . Then I attached the posts to the bottom section which I had put together first. I do know that I followed the instructions that came with the tower and it went together seamlessly.
By Melanie Trowbridge on February 26, 2022
Question:Do you have to put the nest on? Can you leave it off and is the post completely carpet
Answer:I think you could skip it
By Colleen on April 28, 2021
Question:Does this come with a Wall anchor?
Answer:Dear customer,
Thank you for your question.
Yes,a wall anchor is included.
Best wishes
Bewishome see less
By BEWISHOME SELLER  on February 25, 2022
No but I haven't had a problem with it tipping and I do have two cats that actively play on it.
By irene adler on February 25, 2022
This one didn't
By Kindle Customer on March 1, 2022
No
By Karenslone on February 25, 2022
Yes, but I do not use it.
By Barbara Reed on February 26, 2022
No
By Karenslone on February 25, 2022
Yes, but I do not use it.
By Barbara Reed on February 2022
Question:How does it arrive in what packaging?
Answer:Typical cardboard box arrives in pieces packaged together so no damage should occur in shipping. Includes assembly instructions. Easy to assemble.
By monkeylumps on April 29, 2021
Dear Victor j bradley ,
Thanks a lot for your question.
The cat tree will arrive you in all pieces and it need to be assembled by yourself.,hope it can help you.
If you have any other question,please feel free to contact us.
Best wishes
Bewishome
By BEWISHOME SELLER  on April 28, 2021
Pieces are wrapped in plastic then all placed in a cardboard box.
By Kim Howard on April 28, 2021
It was in a box with the picture on the outside
By Tara M. on April 28, 2021
Cardboard box
By Colleen on April 28, 2021
