About this item
(Spacious & Versatile Fun Center) - No matter your kitten wants to overlook the world on the top perch, melt into the luxury deep hammock, or feel spoiled in the cozy cradle, this multi-purpose cat tree works perfectly as a recreation paradise! Your furry friends can play with the interactive hanging ball and loop, tour freely in their castle across the platforms, or just be lazy inside the warm condo - Exploration never ends!
(Designed to Fulfill Your Cat's Nature) - This indoor cat tower is a go-to spot for your cat to play, exercise, and relax. Multiple scratching posts reinforced with natural sisal rope will satisfy your cat’s instinct of scratching. Multiple layers and ladder also meet your feline’s climbing nature. The cozy cat condo is a perfect hideaway for your sensitive baby to enjoy privacy. The top perch with raised edge feeds your cat’s desire to look out the window and to take a sunbath on sunny days
(Sturdy Construction for Maximum Safety) - Crafted of heavy-duty particle wood, the strengthened base plates double secure the overall stability so this tall cat house won’t shake or fall when your cat jumps in or out. The robust posts are made of high-density particle wood tubes which can bear lots of weight and hold all platforms firmly without any wobbling, ideal for large kittens and average cats
(Superior Quality Materials) - All platforms and supporting posts are made of strong P2-grade particle wood, ensuring the safety of your restless cat while jumping up and down this cat climbing tower. The skin-friendly plush covering gives feline-friendly softness and optimum warmth which your cat will never get enough of. The durable sisal rope allows your cat to sharpen the nails while saving your delicate furniture from scratches
(Easy Assembly Cat Tree) - Easy-to-use cat playground equipped with detailed graphic instructions for hassle-free installation. Overall dimension - 26.3” L x 19.6” W x 61” H (67x50x155cm). This attractive cat trees and towers in elegant gray will blend nicely with your room decor as a piece of modern cat furniture. A purrrfect gift for both your kitten and your sweet home!
Question:What about the weight capacity? My cat is pushing 28lbs. lol
Answer:Hi there, thanks for your interest in our cat tree tower.
This cat tree tower is ideal for large kittens and adult cats with a max. load of 33 lbs. So it definitely works for your cat!
If you require any further assistance, please do not hesitate to write back to us. Here is our email address: support@rabbitgoo.com Hope it will help. Thank you. see less
By Authorized Rabbitgoo Seller Gl… SELLER  on June 24, 2020
My cat is 12 pounds and it cannot hold her, it visibly bends the post it’s on. She barely fits in it also and spills over the edges. It doesn’t seem safe, and several reviews mention the hammock breaking and falling with a cat inside of it. I would not buy this tree unless you have a small cat.
By Mariah Claiborne on November 29, 2020
My cat is 18lbs, the other is 14. This tower fell a part in 2 months. Don't buy it.
By Gopokes25 on November 21, 2021
Question:Mine didn’t have manual of instruction is tgere somewhere online to look if a you tube video ?
Answer:Hi there. Thanks for choosing our Rabbitgoo cat tree
We are sincerely sorry for the inconvenience caused. Please kindly provide your order number and contact us for an e-manual via email: support@rabbitgoo.com. We also have the installation video on our product page for your better reference.
If you require any further assistance, please do not hesitate to write back to us. Hope it will help. Thank you. see less
By Authorized Rabbitgoo Seller Gl… SELLER  on November 26, 2020
The instruction sheet was not very helpful anyway. I put mine together by looking at the picture from when I bought it on Amazon.
By Amazon Customer on November 26, 2020
Same here no instructions, and I don’t see a video on the product page
By Bianca Chavez on April 15, 2021
Mines didn’t have instructions either
By Tammika B. on February 23, 2021
I don’t know that, but I would be glad to scan mine and send you a copy. It’s a pictograph that looks a little intimidating at first, but is surprisingly easy to follow. Have you tried contacting the seller directly?
By JS on November 26, 2020
I'm sure there is
By Sandra on November 26, 2020
Question:Is this cat activity trees stable at the bottom?
Answer:Yes... the cat tree is sturdy. I loved it because it allows me to not cover my ac/heat vent.
By Laura N on June 26, 2020
Ummm...not exactly. I have two kittens just under one year of age. When they both are on it and playing with each other, it rocks back and forth rather precariously. I did use the anchor strap for stability, but wish that the floor level pieces were wider to offer a better grounding. Also...the tray and cradle at top level are rather small. One of my kittens barely fits in the tray and doesn't use the cradle. Also...when both cradle and basket up top are occupied...it is definitely top heavy. see less
By Deb on August 30, 2021
Question:Is this tree supposed to come with the cat condo?
Answer:Hi there. Thanks for your interest in our cat tree.
Yes, this cat tree comes with the cat condo. And it also has perch, basket, hammock, ladder which will give a lot of fun for your cat.
If you require any further assistance, please do not hesitate to write back to us. Here is our email address: support@rabbitgoo.com. Hope it will help. Thank you. see less
By Authorized Rabbitgoo Seller Gl… SELLER  on December 2, 2020
Yes it comes with everything in the pic. The condo has to be assembled and the cover put on.
By Sneaky Britches on December 2, 2020
Question:Can the cushions be taken out to washed in the machine?
Answer:Hi there, thanks for your interest in our cat tree.
The cushions are connected to the boards so they cannot be taken out and washed in the machine.
To better care of this cat tree, below are the cleaning steps for your reference. Please kindly check!
1. Remove cat hair with a scrub brush or a shedding brush. Use a lint roller to pull out any stuck hair.
2. Use a vacuum to clean pet hair when necessary.
3. Spot clean soiled areas with mild detergent or soap. Blot the wet area with a dry cloth.
4. Allow the cat tree to air dry completely before the next use.
5. Please don't soak any parts of the cat tree in water.
If you require any further assistance, please do not hesitate to write back to us. Here is our email address: support@rabbitgoo.com. Hope it will help. Thank you. see less
By Authorized Rabbitgoo Seller Gl… SELLER  on December 1, 2021
No, the cushions cannot be removed for cleaning.
By Sherilynn on December 1, 2021
I have not been able to pull cushions out
By luis soria on November 30, 2021
Sorry, but no. All of the upholstery is permanently affixed aside from the cover of the "house", which would still require a lot of disassembly. Vacuuming and spot cleaning are your only real options.
By BigLobedWelder on December 5, 2021
No
By Maryanne DiPasquale on November 30, 2021
Question:Mine is also missing half of the hardware (parts a-f). i triple checked, including the posts and manual. am i able to get these?
Answer:I would call the number on there I thought the same thing but when I put it together I had everything it is confusing cause the have most of the letters the same
By Melissa on April 1, 2021
Question:Is the material lining the platforms and stuff durable when cats scratch it? The tree I have now sheds like crazy.
Answer:The platform is pretty sturdy. When moving it around is better if two people lift it to avoid to much wiggle. The lining is made of soft flannel, no shedding AT ALL! The scratching posts don’t shed either, the rope that’s hanging just started to unbraid, but that’s all and normal. My cat doesn’t scratch too though. I have no issues with this cat tower. Seems to be holding up very well. 👍🏼 see less
By Cynthia on September 4, 2020
So far it has held up, and that is with a cat under a year old (9 months old).. It is very stable without having to secure to wall. I am very pleased with my choice of cat trees.
By HRLY DVA on September 3, 2020
It is. I have not had it long, but she loves it and it is sturdy enough that my 50+lbs dog has not been able to tip it when she runs up it.
By Cathy Brown on September 3, 2020
Question:How hard is this to assemble?
Answer:Not hard, takes about 45 minutes. It comes with an Allen wrench and that’s really all you need. Instructions are good (not great) but clear enough and it comes with all the hardware needed.

There is an optional wall anchor, which would require a drill, small drill bit and Phillips Head Screwdriver. We didn’t even use that as it seems heavy enough to remain stable with 2 cats playing at once.

Our cats absolutely love this thing! see less
By Travis Seay on September 17, 2021
My children assembled it without any help from adults. :) They are in elementary school.
By A. Bro on September 17, 2021
Not hard at all! I put it together by myself in like 20 minutes. The part that takes the longest is separating all the parts because they don’t come labeled.
By Amazon Customer on September 17, 2021
Not hard at all
By Amazon Customer on September 17, 2021
It took about an hour, and was very good instructions to put together.
By Sandra Thomas on September 17, 2021
Question:Is the bottom of the cat condo supposed to be all wood? When I look at other images it shows a plush side but my order had only a solid wood piece
Answer:Hi there, thanks for your interest in our cat tree.
For the boards No. 5 of the condo, actually we offered 2 types of board No.5. One with fabric covering should be put on the bottom of the condo. The other one without fabric covering should be put on the top of the condo. If you are missing board No.5. with fabric covering, please kindly contact us via email support@rabbitgoo.com, send us your Amazon order number and some pictures that show your issue for further help.
If you require any further assistance, please do not hesitate to write back to us. Hope it will help. Thank you. see less
By Authorized Rabbitgoo Seller Gl… SELLER  on June 28, 2021
Send it back. Mine had plush on one side Woods on the other.
By Shannon Gaertner on June 27, 2021
Question:What is the depth of the base plate alone (not including the ladder)?
Answer:Hi there, thanks for your interest in our cat tree.
The depth of the base plate alone (not including the ladder) is 26.4 inches (67cm), and the depth of the base plate (including the ladder) is 28.9inches (73.5cm).
If you require any further assistance, please do not hesitate to write back to us. Here is our email address: support@rabbitgoo.com. Hope it will help. Thank you. see less
By Authorized Rabbitgoo Seller Gl… SELLER  on April 2, 2021
There are two base plates that each are 10 x 19. They sit 6 inches apart and then are anchored above so the overall foot print is 26x19. It is very stable.
By Amazon Customer on April 3, 2021
It measures 26 1/4" x 19". I hope that helps. :)
By Jace on April 1, 2021
Question:What tools are needed to put this together?
Answer:A Single Hex Key that is included.
By Amazon Customer on July 6, 2020
Comes with Allen wrench
By KR on July 6, 2020
Question:How many cats can this cat tower hold? I have multiple cats.
Answer:I have four cats. They all use it, but usually there are only two at a time. The perches are a little smaller than l would like, but they don’t seem to mind.
By Amazon Customer on May 6, 2021
A couple smaller cats would have fun. I dont think this is made for cats over 12 lbs or so
By Chris D. on May 9, 2021

