About this item
Package include : 2 set of wood cat shelf + 1 set of wooden cat suspension bridge.
High Quality with Green Material: Shelf and suspension bridge made of solid nature pine wood, and bridge connect with Jute rope, eco-friendly and healthy.
Hand Crafted and Sturdy: Cat shelf with metal brackets and the suspension climbing bridge connect with two Jute rope, very sturdy and safe. And compatible use with your cat trees, cat condos and cat perches.
Keep Active and Healthy: This wall mount cat steps fullfill to jump and climb to keep your cat active and healthy and add this cat furniture to install on the wall , no worry to mess up your room anymore, save your room.
Satisfaction Guarantee: If you are not satisfied with the item for any reason, you can return it within 30-Days for full refund or contact us, we will fix it promptly to meet your satisfactory.
Question:What is the weight limit for the steps? My cat is 14 lbs so I want to make sure they will be sturdy enough for him.
Answer:I have two 20 pins cats and so far it has held up.
By Margaret Packwood on December 16, 2020
Question:Is it possible to hang on bended wall?
Answer:Hello,

We ourselves always install on flat wall on testing products, but I think If you can fix the metal shelf brackets well (make sure to support well) on the bended wall, it would be ok.

Thanks！ see less
By Purife SELLER  on October 12, 2021
Question:Would this be able to be placed outside?
Answer:Hello,

We won't suggest you place this set outside, as it made out from nature pine wood, surface attached felt mat, if exposed to weather, it will shorten the products' life time for using, It's better to use indoor.

Thanks! see less
By Purife SELLER  on June 22, 2021
I wouldn't put it outside! The steps are already slippery, & I don't think they would endure the weather!
By debbie lee on June 15, 2021
Yes They would might eventually rot the rope or wood if it’s going to be getting wet though
By Amazon Customer on June 14, 2021
Question:Do I need a studfinder?
Answer:Hello,
If you are not sure, I think it's better to use one to check when install, the packed plastic expansion tubes is more suitable for concrete and solid bricks.
Thanks!
By Purife SELLER  on March 15, 2021
Question:How long is the bridge itself (not counting the shelves?)
Answer:Hello,

The bridge itself about 620-640mm( shelf board in two end not include), as it was almost made by hand, the rope tightness will affect the length in some degree.

Thanks！ see less
By Purife SELLER  on July 7, 2021
If you stretch the bridge straight out with the shelves at even height, maybe 4 feet (ish) in legth. But you can make it shorter by giving some slack to the bridge as shown in the pictures.
By Holly B on July 6, 2021
Question:Is this thing really 4ft long?
Answer:Total length yes
By Margaret Packwood on December 16, 2020
