About this item
Lovely Design: Handcrafted into a unique design features paper rope basket.
MATERIALS: All perches and condo constructed with soft plush fabric, plush toys, and Sisal scratching posts.
CONSTRUCTION: sisal rope, paper rope weaved part, fabric, board
INSTALLATION: Simple and easy to install; all instructions, materials, and tools included.
PREMIUM QUALITY CONTROL - With more than 20 years of manufacturing experience in the pet supply industry, Petpals has kept challenging to break any limitations of the best quality products. 100% guaranteed return with your satisfaction, you have our words.
Question:Since the baskets extend beyond the dimensions of the base, what are the dimensions of the larger cat bed when taking 2 beds into account?
Answer:The opening of the larger cat bed is 15 inches across. The middle of the bed expands to 17 inches across. There’s a nice loose cushion that fits in the bed.
By Beth D. on December 12, 2020
Question:Can you take off and/or wash the cushions?
Answer:You can remove the plush material on the top basket, I removed that particular cushion because after owning this for 5 or 6 years, my cats refused to use the top part.
It's glued down, but once removed, I replaced the top cushion material and this time I DID NOT glue it. I simply used strips of Velcro, and I now can machine wash it. Not to mention, NOW my cats use the top basket.

I also made a new cushion for the lower basket, but this new cushion I simply placed on top of the old one. My cats now use this all the time. see less
By Sam G on March 18, 2022
You can take off the cushion in the large basket and wash it. However the smaller cushion is attached so you have to wash it with a cloth.
By Beth D. on December 27, 2021
Only the bottom basket pillow is removeable. Just vacuum and spot clean if necessary. It will not hold up to be washed in machine.
By Doris E on December 26, 2021
Just the bottom cushion is removable.
By Bethan Y. on December 29, 2021
Just the bottom one is removable and washable. When you dry it all the stuffing ends up in the middle so you just have to Play with it to re-position the stuffing back to where it was
By Kat on December 27, 2021
Yes, it is removable & washable.
By Suette on December 27, 2021
Question:Is the plush material peachy-pink, or more neutral-beige in color?
Answer:The cushions are a neutral beige.
By Beth D. on November 18, 2020
Question:Can I buy just the round basket to screw on?
Answer:No. This comes as a pair of baskets.
By Beth D. on November 11, 2020
Question:Does the short post for the bastket screw on? If so, could I replace the shorter post with a longer sisal scratching post?
Answer:Yes the large basket screws on to the short post. However I don’t know if you should replace the shorter post. The taller post with the small basket has a scratching post. There is also carpet around the short post and carpet on the bottom square that your cat can use for scratching. My cat scratch’s the carpet some.
By Beth D. on September 13, 2021
Question:Are the baskets interchangeable?
Answer:I’ve not tried to do that. Both baskets screw on to the posts. The shorter basket has a ball attached to the bottom of it so your cat can bat the ball. My cat loves to bat the ball.
By Beth D. on September 13, 2021
Question:can i switch the baskets? put the rounder bigger one on top??
Answer:You probably could but then the weight of the basket would not be evened out. Also the cat toy is attached to the smaller basket so you may want to leave it as originally designed so your cat can play with the toy. My cat loves to bat the ball.
By Beth D. on September 13, 2021
Question:Do cats scratch and break the perch?
Answer:The baskets have not broken. They’re strong. The baskets look like woven wicker to me. There’s a rope scratching post. My cat loves this small condo.
By Beth D. on October 7, 2020
No i have three cats and it still looks great!
By Denise Lindsay on October 7, 2020
I’m not too sure. I think depends on the cat? Mine just sleep on it
By Amazon Customer on October 8, 2020
Question:Can i buy just the extension piece? I have this tree already but would like it to be taller to look out the window.
Answer:You would need to ask the manufacturer about that.
By Beth D. on September 13, 2021
