About this item
CHECK OUT HIGHLIGHTS OF CAT TREE: Step-like jump multi-layer structure design; For more cats use; 1 roomy condos; 1 basket; 2 top large platform with internal extra-thick mat; Funny toys; Natural sisal rope.
MULTIFUNCTIONAL SPECIAL DESIGN: Step-like jump multi-layer structure design of cat tower, convenient for cat's scratching, climbing, sleeping, and exercising; 1 roomy condos 1 basket and 1 sturdy hammock offer luxurious napping experience for more cats use; interactive jingly balls and sisal twine to play with.
COSY TO LOUNGE & EASY TO CLEAN: Top perch with thick padding at the bottom and rim makes a perfect napping lounge; ultra-soft plush gives the smoothest touch that your kitten will never get enough of, and raised edge of this perch allow your cat rest on its head while watching over the house.
STABILITY IS ALWAYS PRIORITY: Anti-toppling fittings are included for double security; Constructed by CARB-certified natural particle boards and strengthened with battens at the bottom to ensure overall stability; Reinforced posts are wrapped with natural sisal rope to allow nail scratching and promote exercising; satisfying the instincts of your restless kitten.
EASY TO ASSEMBLE AND NICE LOOKING: Equipped with detailed instructions for quick and easy installation; easy to clean with high quality materials; fits in any room corner while adding an extra air of tastefulness with its classic color choices; perfect for large kitties/adult cats.
Question:Description says there is a litter space, but no reviews mention it. Does it have an area for litter, and, if so, where?
Answer:I'm sorry that there is no cat Litter space in this cat tree. It is a mistake in our description and I have modified it.
By Hey brother SELLER  on September 17, 2021
I guess you could under the hammock but it’s not a lot of space under it. Maybe if the hammock was left out then it would work there.
By Becca on September 17, 2021
Question:Is there a bigger replacement piece for the top tower?
Answer:Sorry, there is no bigger replacement
By Hey brother SELLER  on May 17, 2021
Question:The wall securement strap is too short. I need another 2 inches. Suggestions?
Answer:Please contact us through the Amazon purchase link
By Hey brother SELLER  on September 17, 2021
Question:Can this cat tree be assembled, disassembled and assembled again easily?
Answer:Yes, this cat tree can be disassembled and reassembled
By Hey brother SELLER  on September 30, 2021
I don't know why not. I actually put a piece in wrong and had to take part of it apart to put it together right. The pieces just screw/twist into each other. So, have not taken it all apart (only a few pieces) but I would say yes, you should be able to disassemble and reassemble with ease.
By ronnie's review on September 30, 2021
I would say yes. Time consuming but easy. I most of the screws are the same size. I would just hold on to the directions.
By Mike P on September 29, 2021
Yes it can . Very easy.
By Amazon Customer on October 3, 2021
Question:How do you clean this cat tree? There is so much cat hair from my 2 cats and I need to know how to clean it.
Answer:You can use a handheld vacuum to help with the cat hair. And a portable rug shampooer to deep clean. As an alternative, get one of those rubber lined garden gloves and swipe it along the shelves. The rubber on the gloves really help gather up pet hair.
By SMariaMaz Top Contributor: Pets on November 12, 2021
A brush works perfectly
I have 3 ragdoll cats
By Denise Bowen on November 13, 2021
I use the wand from an upright vacuum.
By Devie Ingold on November 12, 2021
I use my vacuum cleaner
By anne marie armstrong on November 12, 2021
I use the handle of the vacuum with the rug attachment
By Becca on November 12, 2021
Question:How tall is it?
Answer:160cm/63inch
By Hey brother SELLER  on April 18, 2022
Question:Will a big 22 lb. Cat fit on the various levels of this tree?
Answer:Yes，22lb big cat fit on the various levels of this tree
By Hey brother SELLER  on July 23, 2021
Probably not, my cat tree fell apart. Had to tie it to hold it together. Pieces didn't fit right even after they sent new piece
By peggy corral on July 22, 2021
Maybe the mid levels. Top ones not that big
By Amazon Customer on July 23, 2021
Question:I lost the instructions during our move. Can anyone tell me how to put it together please
Answer:Please contact me by email, I will send you the electronic version of the instructions
By Hey brother SELLER  on May 28, 2021
Question:How wide is this both ways?
Answer:Around 2 1/2 ft
By Kindle Customer on July 9, 2021
Question:Lost the assembly manual, is there an electronic version available?
Answer:This cat tree has an electronic manual. Please contact us via Amazon purchase email
By Hey brother SELLER  on October 19, 2021
Question:will it tip over with fat cat? will it be sturdy enough without attaching to a wall?
Answer:Hi: our cats like the tree- one is 9 1/2 pounds and the other is 14 pounds. we made sure to put it on a level surface and importantly used the included strap to securely attach the tree to a nearby wall. if your car is very active and or heavier you might want to add a 2nd strap attaching from a different point on the tree to wall see less
By R. Garbarino on August 27, 2021
My cat is pretty big and has so far not tipped it over. I was kind of scared too, but it’s fine. I’d suggest putting it in front of a wall just in case as I have done. I’ve had it for a few months and no accidents! :)
By Emma Wood on August 26, 2021
If your cat doesn’t do a zoomie up on to it. My cats tip it a bit when then zoom after each other.
By Lisa Chretien on August 15, 2021
Question:How tall is this?
Answer:63 inch
By Hey brother SELLER  on May 25, 2021
The answer is in the description of the product on Amazon.
By Emily Roberts on May 24, 2021
