About this item
Simulated Flower Design: This cat tree has two flowers and a tall stand with natural sisal hemp around its base in a 19in x 14in oval shape, which looks like an imitation flower. It looks lovely and fresh and can be incorporated into any modern decor to add fun to any room
Recreation, Rest, Exercise: Flowers and high seats allow your kitten to enjoy different pleasures while jumping up and down. Faux lambs wool on the flowers make it comfortable for your pet to lie down on. The hanging plush ball can attract the cat's attention and start hunting games
Stand for Safety: Enlarge its oval base offers reliable stability to prevent any chances of wobbling or tipping over. More safe and stable, provides reliability and stability
Furniture Protector: Our cat tree can act like a cat activity center to attract your cat’ attention away from your couch, it prevents your other furniture from getting scratched
Simple Assembly: Simple construction with a posts and a base requires minor assembling. The step by step instruction make cat tree more easy. You can set it up in minutes
Question:Does this cat gym smell when it's opened?
Answer:I never smelled anything when I opened it.
By Amazon Customer on July 23, 2021
I have an excellent sense of smell, yet I am unable to detect anything.
By Amazon Customer on July 23, 2021
Nope!
By Amazon Customer on July 23, 2021
Yes
By Kathryn on July 23, 2021
Question:What tools will you need to assemble them? Is it too difficult?
Answer:The only tool needed is included with the tree, a 1 piece L shaped screw driver
By Gloria on July 21, 2021
The vendor is quite cautious and comes prepared with hex wrenches that can be built in a matter of minutes.
By Agatha on July 21, 2021
Question:Is this good for large cats? … i have a mainecoon mix who’s about 22” or so long
Answer:I don’t know if the one I got was just bad, but mine broke almost immediately and my cats are not very large, so I would probably go on the safe side and not get this one.
By Haley Rogers on November 16, 2021
I would think it's a bit short to be all that fun for a very big cat. Also, the base is not that stable without some external reinforcement. It's not meant for heavy use.
By JunieB on November 17, 2021
Depends on its weight. Ours broke pretty quick. Avg sized house cat. (She still uses it) we had to reinforce the posts.
By Amy on November 16, 2021
I bought 5 of them about 6 months ago. So far only one has broken where one of the flowers snapped in half and another the sisal came undone at the top. I have all of them placed in areas where they are against either a wall or the side of the sofa as they are just too lite to be free standing. Oddly my largest kitty weighing in at 17lbs loves curling up and sleeping in these and for her they have held up well. When these are ready to be retired unless the manufacturer reinforces them and improves the product stability I will most likely be trying some new alternatives. see less
By Jennifer Gannon on November 25, 2021
No, not at all. It is more for a kitten…my small 6 lb cat doesn’t even like to sit on it. Poor quality also.
By Gail Brooks on November 16, 2021

