About this item
Diameter of 13.4'' is suitable to most of the adult cat or upto 13LBS
Washable and sturdy. Easy to install.
Can be added to any cat trees between post.
Satisfied cat's curving need in round space with comfortable material.
Adding shelving space for cats
Question:How is this washed
Answer:I don’t see any way to machine wash but you could take it down and vacuum it out and maybe hand wash in the bathtub with the ring still in it.
By Rinabobina on October 4, 2021
I vacuumed mine out pretty frequently but it has a metal insert inside so kind of difficult but not impossible to do in the washer I would say hand wash is probably the best but if you have an old washing machine out in your garage you could try it
By d on October 3, 2021
This would be a hand wash item.
By Jenn on October 3, 2021
I'm not taking my cat tree apart just to put this in the washer. I took the hose attachment on my vacuum and vacuumed the hair out.
By Mealika Brown on October 3, 2021
As far as I figure you can’t because it’s sowed around a metal ring .
By Wise Man on October 3, 2021
Question:Is the loop adjustable? How can I tell if it will fit my cat tree's post?
Answer:I don’t think it is adjustable. I think it is mostly meant to go with the wall mounted cat tree made by the same company.
By Rinabobina on December 15, 2020
No, it's not adjustable. It is universal.
By Donna Wiswell on December 14, 2020
It’s a petty small hole. I took one of the bolts out and used that to hold it.
By Phillip A. Galofaro on December 15, 2020
Question:Would it be possible to attach this to the wall (not on a post, just screwed into the wall)?
Answer:Hi it can’t attach to wall directly. Tks!
By Bignose SELLER  on December 15, 2020
Question:How does it attach? With a string like toeing a shoelace or with Velcro or what?
Answer:There is a flat plate with a hole attached on the ring . Let the double head connecting screw through the hold and connect posts with hammock in middle.
By Bignose SELLER  on December 18, 2020
Question:How is this installed?
Answer:There is a hole on it . Pls add it between the post which is connected by double head screw.
By Bignose SELLER  on November 22, 2020
Question:How is it attached? Is it universal?
Answer:There is a hole that you can slide over the screw before you attach the next part of the tree. I placed mine under the platform, but it could have easily gone over the platform.
By Mealika Brown on July 13, 2021
Question:Do they make these for large cats?
Answer:What’s the weight of your cat? This is queen size should be great for around 12LBS.
By Bignose SELLER  on December 26, 2020
Question:What color is it? The description says white but the photos show beige andI know it used to be sold in a grey option too...
Answer:Hi right now it is beige available only.
By Bignose SELLER  on December 18, 2020
Question:does it come with the mountable post seen in the product image
Answer:Hi,no . It is the hammock only. Tks!
By Bignose SELLER  on June 28, 2021
Question:Does anyone know if they make large hammock for cats up to 20 lbs
Answer:Hi for cats over 15 Lbs, I think we have a better choice of wall shelves. It would be saver for heavy paws. We have a wall mounted cat shelves set of two to recommend to you. Sturdy and valuable. Pls take a glimpse in our store for the Embrace Cat Wall Shelves. Tks!
By Bignose SELLER  on December 29, 2020
