About this item
【 JUST THE RIGHT SIZE FOR ENERGETIC KITTENS 】-The MWPO 28-Inch Cat Tree is 28-inch cat tree is big enough to give kittens and small cats a place to play, sleep and scratch but won’t take up much floor space.
【NO MORE SCRATCH!】- This cat tower combines 4 sisal rope-wrapped scratching post, a comfy elevated bed,a sleeping hammock and a fluffy batting toy. Sisal rope has the scratchable texture cats love because it feels a lot like scratching on tree bark, a feline favorite. Scratching is essential to keeping claws healthy and it feels good for kitties too. The comfy bed on top is just the right spot for naps—another feline favorite.
【PET-FRIENDLY MATERIALS】- Constructed by high-quality natural particle boards, the reinforced base plate, skin-friendly plush covering, and Natural sisal scratching posts, this cat activity tree is designed to offer a safe, sturdy and stable home and entertaining center for your little angels.
【GREAT FOR SMALLER HOMES OR APARTMENTS.】- Ideal for 1-2 small /medium cats.This cat tree is easy to assemble with the included tools and step-by-step instructions.Overall:28.7'' H x 17.7'' W x 17.7'' L | Base Board Size :17.7'' W x 17.7'' L | Weight : 11 lbs
【CUSTOMER-ORIENTED PRINCIPLE】- MWPO provides you with professional customer service both before and after your purchase. If you have any not satisfied with our cat tower, please contact us, we must resolve to your satisfaction, this is our first priority.
Question:What is the height of this cat tree?
Answer:From floor up 28.7 inches. My cat has no issues jumping into it.
By Roze on May 8, 2021
Question:Is this cat tree comfortable enough?
Answer:It's actually pretty fricken soft, both of my cats like to sleep in a hammock. Like I'd lay up in it if I could.
By Penny m. on October 28, 2020
Question:Can the hammock be cleaned?
Answer:The top and middle where a cat would lay can be cleaned with a wet paper towel. The condo is white. Our cats love the two taller (older) cat condos. They do not like this one. I don’t know why. The top is lower than my husband’s favorite chair. He put catnip on it - still they don’t like it.
By Marcia A. Smith on May 9, 2021
The hammock is removable. Actually, the top platform is also removable. I remove them periodically for cleaning.
By Eloy pina on May 9, 2021
Question:What is the dimension of the round platform at the top?
Answer:The diameter is 11.8''.My baby boy is small so he can easily curl up in it. Medium-sized cats are also fine but a large cat would have a little trouble sleeping inside. It's still a good perch!
By Paul G. on October 28, 2020
Question:How to attach posts to the bottom of this?
Answer:There are screws provided so that you can attach the posts to the base through the bottom.
By Jamie DeRouchie on May 7, 2021
Question:Is this tree pre-assembled?
Answer:No, assembly required but not difficult. The seller has prepared instructions and hardware in the package. I just followed the steps in the instructions and it only took me 10 minutes.
By Yun on May 10, 2021
No you must put together.
By carla971 on May 18, 2021
Question:Can you remove the fabric pieces to wash it?
Answer:No
By Marcia A. Smith on May 9, 2021
Question:Is there any metal on the bottom of the base?
Answer:Wood & screws
By Marcia A. Smith on May 9, 2021

