★ A small number of cats may not like to be close to or adapt to the product when they first come into contact with it. After half a month to a month of adaptation, they will like it. If the height of the product you buy is not suitable, you can contact us, we can put forward the appropriate solution according to your ceiling height.
★ This type is fit for celling height 107.5Inch-116.1Inch. Please confirm the roof height you want to set before purchasing.
★ The climbing tower with thick posts that reaches the ceiling stimulates the curiosity of cats, allowing your cat to climb trees as much as it likes, perfect for those who relieving lack of exercise and stress! If your cat gets tired, it can relax on the jump plate. It can also be used by multiple cats. The sturdy jump plate can withstand a weight of 15KG.
★★This item is branded as catforest. The posts of the cat tower are made of paper tubes. The whole body of the posts are wrapped in strong sisal rope. Cats can easily sharpen their claws. Cats won’t scratch pillars, walls, curtains. Sisal rope is durable, long-lasting, dust-free and clean.
★ The floor-to-ceiling cat tower that does not require drilling holes in the ceiling that is very easy to assemble! It is very space-saving that you can place it in a place such as a wall or a corner of a fence. The cat tower uses thick posts with a diameter of 9 cm, and the double-layer base board provides excellent stability.
Question:How many transparent spaceship hammock it comes with?
Answer:It did not come with any clear spaceship hammocks. Those are all sold separately. In my opinion, all very overpriced for the quality.
By Susi on June 7, 2021
Question:Is it possible to make the pole without the platforms in between?
Answer:Yes, you can choose not to add the platforms in between. Although, you leave your cats no place to sit :) We have a bengal cat and have positioned the platforms so there is a section without the platforms at all. Our bengal scales the entire pole between the platforms, loves it!
By Wendi on June 22, 2021
The platforms between the pillars can be installed freely according to the cat's preferences, and can be installed without installation, or only one or two can be installed.
By catforests SELLER  on June 22, 2021
Yes you can make the pole without the platforms…
By Roxy on December 24, 2021
Yes, you do not have to use platforms. I am very happy with the quality of the product.
By William Bowen on June 22, 2021
I would think so but there may be a little bit of a gap.
By Amazon Customer on June 22, 2021
Question:Is the wood finished or unfinished? Could you stain it a different color?
Answer:The wood is unfinished and you adhere the friction pads yourself so I don’t see why you couldn’t stain it before assemblage!
By Sam Quest on June 7, 2021
Question:how big are the platforms?
Answer:The measurements should be in the product info on Amazon but I can tell you they were not very big… Cats can crawl up into a ball on anything but the platforms were too small for my cats… If you notice, the photo shows a kitten and a thin cat… My cats are not thin. I returned this for other reasons but I really did love it m… unfortunately my cats did not. see less
By Roxy on March 16, 2022
My guess is that the useable area of each of the 4 platforms is about 8 x10 inches. Good enough for a cat to sit on ... but definitely too small for him to stretch out on ... but then my cat loves to hang legs and head over edges and look at us upside down, anyway ;... so he's fine with the size.
By Bette Tilch on March 16, 2022
Question:Is one of the 5 posts supposed to be longer than the others?
Answer:Yes one post is larger. Be sure and use it as you bottom post.
By William Bowen on July 21, 2021
Question:My alcove ceiling is only 80 inches...what size should I buy? Thanks!
Answer:You can purchase 92.9-100.8 inches and take off one of the pillars to install it properly.
By catforests SELLER  on March 7, 2022
Question:Can the 100.4 inch tree be lowered to fit a 96inch ceiling?
Answer:No
By Amazon Customer on June 15, 2021
Question:What are the dimensions of the oval platforms? Can a 13lb cat fit comfortably?
Answer:Absolutely! I even added a blanket in it.
By Favteach on May 20, 2021
Question:The description says the clear hammock only holds 5 kg, or 11 pounds. Is that really the limit? Do the shelves hold a heavy cat?
Answer:My cat was 15 pounds, it held him but he just didn’t like the pole… It was to wobbly… I think I just didn’t install it correctly…
By Roxy on January 26, 2022
It is not recommended to accommodate more than 5 kg, it can be a safety hazard
By catforests SELLER  on January 26, 2022
Question:How do we contact the seller? Is there a website?
Answer:The best way is to go to the product on Amazon, click on the sellers store, and see if they have a contact on their website… If not, just Google them and try to contact them that way.
By Roxy on July 30, 2021
Question:Can anyone give me the link to the base cat tree ? The cat forest climbing tree. I cannot find it anywhere .
Answer:cat forest climbing tree is temporarily out of stock and is expected to be available at the end of April
By catforests SELLER  on March 20, 2021
Question:Is it stable on carpet?
Answer:I have mine on a carpet. It has been up at least 6 months with no slippage at all. My cat is about 13 lbs and is jumping up and down on it several times a day.
By Beth on December 22, 2021
I am unsure if I installed this properly… While it was stable on carpet for me… It really wobbled when my cat climbed up and down… So much so that my cat did not like it… I put my pole on top of a board hoping it would make it less wobbly… It did not. But, I’m not sure I installed it properly… It is a beautiful cat pole… Very modern, thick, well-made… I never was afraid that it was going to fall down… It just wobbled too much when my cats climbed up and down. I saw other videos and it did not wobble… That’s why I think I did something wrong… I don’t know if I answered your question… This was just my experience. see less
By Roxy on December 21, 2021
Yes it is very stable on carpet, I have one in my bedroom on carpet.
By jmcbeath on December 22, 2021
Our advice is to install it on a smooth floor
By catforests SELLER  on December 22, 2021
Yes It was for us. Make sure its adjusted to tightest at the ceiling. My cats love it.
By Theresa Hunnicutt on December 21, 2021
Yes
By Todd D. on December 21, 2021
