About this item
CHECK OUT HIGHLIGHTS OF CAT TREE: Step-like jump multi-layer structure design; For more cats use; 2 roomy condos; 2 top large platform, comfortable basket; Natural sisal rope.
MULTIFUNCTIONAL SPECIAL DESIGN: Step-like jump multi-layer structure design of cat tower, convenient for cat's scratching, climbing, sleeping, and exercising; 2 roomy condos and 1 sturdy basket offer luxurious napping experience for more cats use.
COSY TO LOUNGE: Top perch with thick padding at the bottom and rim makes a perfect napping lounge; ultra-soft plush gives the smoothest touch that your kitten will never get enough of, and raised edge of this perch allow your cat rest on its head while watching over the house.
STABILITY IS ALWAYS PRIORITY: Anti-toppling fittings are included for double security; Constructed by CARB-certified natural particle boards and strengthened with battens at the bottom to ensure overall stability; Reinforced posts are wrapped with natural sisal rope to allow nail scratching and promote exercising; satisfying the instincts of your restless kitten.
EASY TO ASSEMBLE AND NICE LOOKING: Equipped with detailed instructions for quick and easy installation; easy to clean with high quality materials; fits in any room corner while adding an extra air of tastefulness with its classic color choices; perfect for large kitties/adult cats.
Question:I just received my box today but I am missing instructions. Can anyone post a copy?
Answer:I have it scanned but I cannot attach here. I created a video by hovering my phone camera over each page. Hopefully you can pause where needed. I couldn't think of a better way to get it to you. Amazon needs to allow PDF attachments.
By wilkisa on January 6, 2022
Please contact us by order number
By Hey brother SELLER  on January 7, 2022
Question:I am missing 3 of the double sided screws. Can't find this company's info anywhere online to request the screws. Anyone know how to contact them?
Answer:Try to call.
By Diane R. on August 15, 2021
Question:I have a 6lb cat and a 12lb kitten (he’s 1 year old and huge) Will this work for both of them?
Answer:Yes, This cat tree can work for both of them
By Hey brother SELLER  on May 24, 2021
Yes, it will work for both of them
By aileen haschak on May 24, 2021
Question:My 3 year old is missing a back leg. My current tree has a level almost directly over a level. He can't navigate that. Is this the same?
Answer:The levels zig and zag to climb. I’m thinking a fun-loving three legged cat would do well.
By Cathy on January 11, 2022
The levels on this are pretty staggered. The bowl like bed, also rotates so you could move it to a position that gives your cat an additional level to move around. I hope that helps.
By Rhonda T on January 12, 2022
I think the cat could navigate as long as the cat can go up the ladder. There is an opening to everything else but the taller tiers would not be easy to get too and the fact the basket is low the cat may enjoy that as well.
By christine on January 11, 2022
Question:Would this work for a 27lb Maine coon cat?
Answer:Sorry, this cat tree cannot be used for 27lbs Maine Coon cats. You can choose two types of cat trees, B07MSJL5VQ and B07S2BVWQ9. They are set for larger cats.
By Hey brother SELLER  on December 28, 2021
I have two cats who use this tower constantly and they run full speed to jump on it. Neither cat is large or heavy and it supports them just fine. However, a 27lb cat could not possibly hit this tower at full speed without knocking it loose. The screws are tightened with an allen wrench and my cats have already caused the top two platforms to shift. We tighten the platforms and they stay tight for a while. If your Maine is slow and sedentary, it might work but I wouldn't chance it. see less
By wilkisa on January 3, 2022
Hi. I'm not sure how large your Maine Coon cat is, but this is a very sturdy cat tree and our two kittens, ten months and seven months, both romp and play in it with no problem.
By Kelly on December 28, 2021
I would say, no. I have 2 cats (each less than 12#) and it was a very awkward cat tree for them. I put it together and my cats didn't like it. It was hard to get from level to level. So, instead of taking it back apart to return it, I donated it to our local Humane Society the next day.
By Ali Jo on December 28, 2021
The cushion sizes would definitely have your cat hanging off the edges..but if youre gonna get it anyway, I personally would attach it to the wall. The base width of the cat tree is smaller than the actual cat tree and it moves a little when our 13lb cat jumps on it so...if you can't afford a bigger one then maybe but … see more
By Madi D… on December 28, 2021
The whole stand only weighs 33lbs so I’m not sure, I would try something similar that has a sturdier bottom. Or you could add some weights to the bottom to help secure your maine coon!
By BeesKneesLees on December 28, 2021
Question:Will this fit in a 20” space between a bed and the wall?
Answer:Due to the presence of baskets and stair boards, the maximum width of this cat tree is greater than 20 inches
By Hey brother SELLER  on August 21, 2021
no
By Kona Morgan on August 23, 2021
Question:I am missing 3 of the double sided screws. Can't find this company's info anywhere online to request the screws. Anyone know how to contact this compa
Answer:Ace hardware
By Amazon Customer on December 28, 2021
Question:What is the weight limit? My cat is 14#.
Answer:This cat tree can be used for cats up to 14 pounds, our model cat is 14 pounds
By Hey brother SELLER  on February 9, 2022
I thought the very bottom should be a little wider but I put some heavy weights there and then all the places of the cats could go, bought some cheap little blankets and put them in there and they really like it, my cats are about 15 or 16 lb it works out great
By Amazon Customer on February 9, 2022
Our two cats are not a year yet so they are not that heavy but both of them together are more than 14# and they are often in the pouch grooming each other at the same time, so I think you are fine.
By Kelly on February 9, 2022
Question:Will someone please post a copy of the instructions, it was left out of mg box.
Answer:Please contact us via Amazon purchase email
By Hey brother SELLER  on August 26, 2021
Question:What are the dimensions of the base board?
Answer:The base ( square) is 15*19 but if you want to see the whole width it's around 25*30 inches.
By Amazon Customer on June 4, 2021
18.9 inch x 15.8inch
By Hey brother SELLER  on June 4, 2021
Question:Could this be put together on first floor then carried up to the 2nd floor
Answer:The size of the cat tree is 18.9'' x 15.8'' x 57.9'' ,If the height and width of your stairs are larger than this cat tree, then you can move to the second floor after assembling on the first floor, otherwise it is recommended that you assemble directly on the second floor
By Hey brother SELLER  on August 16, 2021
Yes. It is more awkward to carry than it is heavy. I am 5 foot tall. I was able to put it together on the main floor of the house and carry it down to the basement.
By Rhonda T on August 16, 2021
Yes yes but it would probably be heavy. I would rather put it together on the first floor.
By Diane R. on August 15, 2021
By two people. Measure the tree and the space leading upstairs
By Donatella on August 15, 2021
yes it would be akward and probably 2 people to be safe
By toto on August 15, 2021
Its heavy for one person but ya it could be
By aileen haschak on August 15, 2021
It honestly isn't that heavy. The only concern I can think of would be that it's awkward.
By Johanna on August 15, 2021
