About this item
FOR SMALL-TO-MEDIUM SIZED CAT: 14*14*18'' tower - 0.5'' thickness level, 2.5'' cat scratching stand, covered cat bed on the upper level, and a soft fur ball at bottom.
STURDY AND STABLE: Our cat standing is made by highly durable compressed wood, covered by natural sisal ropes, wrapped with high-quality faux fur, perfect for scratching and climbing.
EASY TO ASSEMBLE: Our stylish cat post saves your effort from troubleshooting. You will be able to put it together in as short as 3 minutes, no need to keep your furry fellow waiting.
COZY AND SOFT MATERIAL: Deluxe fabric on the top tier brings a soft touch feeling, combining with the cute paw shape to provide a cozy place to take a rest or have fun.
TOY COMPONENT: A spring plush ball is included to keep your cats and kittens amused, no need to waste more on additional joy.
Question:Where can I purchase the hardware?
Answer:All hardware comes with it.
By Denise on November 7, 2021
Hello, thanks for your question! JJW cat hammock comes with installation screws and installation tools, you don’t need to buy them separately.
If you have other questions, please feel free to contact us.
By JJW-US SELLER  on November 8, 2021
Question:How many cats can this cat tower hold? I have multiple cats.
Answer:Dear customer,
Thank you for your question! This cat hammock is suitable for 1 adult cat or 1-2 kittens. One of our customers, she bought 4 cat hammocks for her cats. We also have a cat tower for a lot of cats. Asin: B08P25X444
If you have other questions, please feel free to contact us.
By JJW-US SELLER  on November 6, 2021
I have four cats. They all use it, but usually there are only two at a time. The perches are a little smaller than l would like, but they don’t seem to mind.
By johnny on November 6, 2021
Question:Do you have to build it
Answer:Yes. Takes about 10 to 20 minutes to build.
By thomas s. on November 4, 2021
Dear customer, thank you for your question!
JJW cat hammock needs you to install. We will give the installed tools and instructions. It is very simple to operate, less than 10 minutes, you will see a great cat hammock.
If you have other questions, please feel free to contact us.
By JJW-US SELLER  on November 4, 2021
Question:Can this be used at a window with a heater in front of it?
Answer:Yes you can put front of window but not near by heater thou might cause fire next to straw part but just be careful after put next to heater ok if you watch it it ok but not watching not really it kind dangerous it that my opinion.
By Sabrina on October 31, 2021
I think it depends on the heater, but I wouldn't recommend putting anything in front of most types of heaters. You will want to check the heater's manufacturer's instructions for that.
By Tishea L. on October 31, 2021
Hello, thanks for your question!
Cat hammock needs to be far away from the fire, because it is made of super soft plush, P2 grade wood board and natural sisal.
By JJW-US SELLER  on November 3, 2021
