About this item
(A Cat-owned Play & Rest Heaven) - Welcome your felines into this versatile go-to spot that they can never get enough of! Your energetic kitty can patrol the cat tree by climbing or jumping through platforms, embrace the natural urge of scratching onto the sisal strands, and respond to the call of wild by fighting with the fluffy balls. When lazy hours come, your little one can soak up some sunbeams when lounging up high on cat bed, or drifts off into sweet dreamland inside the cozy condo
(Innovative Adjustable Design) - This unique cat tower for indoor cats features an adjustable base for you to change its configuration and find the best way to enjoy it. You can customize it to match your feline's unique personality or use preferences. This design allows the cat tree to better fit into various room layouts. Whether you use it to delight your bedroom corner or showcase it in the middle of your living room, its flexibility will surely meet all functional and decorative purposes
(Move Closer to Feline's Needs) - Your nature climber will get enough exercise when touring around this 3-tier cat tower. The well-cushioned perch allows your cat to stretch out while keeping eyes on the surroundings. The sisal-wrapped posts make the cat tree a dedicated outlet (not your furniture anymore!) for scratching and sharpening claws. After releasing energy on the scratcher and teasing toys, your cat can sink into a restorative sleep inside the warm condo or the cozy cradle
(Solidly Built with Superior Materials) - This sturdy cat house of cat tower is crafted of certified P2 particle boards which are known for good strength and durability. Incorporated cat scratchers are securely wrapped with sisal ropes, which are made to last to support your cat's daily scratching practice. The plushy faux fur cover invites your cat to lay down for a nap with just-right comfort and warmth. Both baseplates are thickened for added stability to avoid wobbling or toppling over
(Hassle-free Cat Tower for Indoor Cats) - Overall dimension - 19.6" L x 17.7” W x 38.1" H (50x45x97cm). A DIY-friendly cat tree with detailed graphic installation instructions. Connect it to the wall using the anti-toppling strap if needed. This simple, modern cat tower stand will blend beautifully into all kinds of interior decor, refreshing your personal space with a dash of elegance. A pleasing addition to both your home and your feline's life! Ready to be appreciated by lots of purrs?
Question:Is there any tips for how to install the condo?
Answer:Yes
By Jayden on May 9, 2021
Question:Does the cat tree have an installation video for reference?
Answer:Hi there, thanks for your interest in our cat tree. Please check the video attached showing the installation step. If you require any further assistance, please do not hesitate to write back to us. Here is our email address: support@rabbitgoo.com. Hope it will help. Thank you.
By Authorized Rabbitgoo Seller Gl… SELLER  on April 25, 2021
Yes it does
By Jayden on April 24, 2021
Question:Can the plush of the cat tree be removed? How to clean it?
Answer:Hi there, thanks for your interest in our cat tree.
No, the plush of the cat tree can't be removed.
Below are the cleaning steps for your reference. Please kindly check! … see more
By Authorized Rabbitgoo Seller Gl… SELLER  on June 1, 2021
The top plush cover comes off and is machine washable on delicate, air dry. That's where my cats lay the most. The rest I vacuum to clean.
By November Watson on May 31, 2021
No on the plywood portion, but the top bed cat bed and the hammock are removable.
By Linsey B. on May 31, 2021
It came on the condo. Vacuuming it might work.
By Todd on May 31, 2021
The top plush cover comes off and is machine washable on delicate, air dry. That's where my cats lay the most. The rest I vacuum to clean.
By November Watson on May 31, 2021
No on the plywood portion, but the top bed cat bed and the hammock are removable.
By Linsey B. on May 31, 2021
It came on the condo. Vacuuming it might work.
By Todd on May 31, 2021
Question:Can the platform hold two cats?
Answer:Hi there, thanks for your interest in our cat tree.
The platform of the cat tree can hold well up to 110 lbs, so it can hold two cats.
If you require any further assistance, please do not hesitate to write back to us. Here is our email address: support@rabbitgoo.com. Hope it will help. Thank you.
By Authorized Rabbitgoo Seller Gl… SELLER  on May 12, 2021
2 small cats or one large one.
By Ray on May 11, 2021
It could but kinda flimsy
By Matthew J Palicka on May 12, 2021
Question:Is this cat tower suitable for my 17-pound cat？
Answer:Hi there. Thanks for your interest in our cat tower.
Please note the overall dimension of this cat tower is 19.6" L x 17.7” W x 38.1" H (50 x 45 x 97cm). Each platform can stand well up to 110 lbs.
Here by sending you the size information of this cat tower in all parts for your reference. Please kindly determine if it’s suitable for your cat according to your cat’ size.
https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81XSv6LP1iL._AC_SL1500_.jpg
If you require any further assistance, please do not hesitate to write back to us. Here is our email address: support@rabbitgoo.com. Hope it will help. Thank you. see less
By Authorized Rabbitgoo Seller Gl… SELLER  on February 20, 2021
Question:Will the cat tower topple over easily？My cat is about 7-8 pounds.
Answer:Hi there, thanks for your interest in our cat tree.
Please don't worry, each platform can stand well up to 110 lbs. In addition, two thickened bottom plates and excellent structural design increase the stability of the cat tree and avoid topple over.Your kitten can play happily on it.
Please do not hesitate to write back to us. Here is our email address: support@rabbitgoo.com. Hope it will help. Thank you. see less
By Jessica on April 14, 2021
Question:What size are the screws used?
Answer:Hi there, thanks for your question and interest in our cat tree.
The screw we have are in tow different sizes and they are :M8×4CM and M8×6.5CM. If your need more installation details pls refer to the Installation Manual in our cat tree link.
And if you require any further assistance, please do not hesitate to write back to us. Here is our email address: support@rabbitgoo.com. Hope it will help. Thank you. see less
By Authorized Rabbitgoo Seller Gl… SELLER  on January 14, 2022
Question:Can the cat tree be used outdoors?
Answer:I wouldn't recommend it.had a water leak on my porch.eventually,the board that is attached 2 the carpet started 2 mold.need 2 keep it dry.
By Bethie on June 19, 2021
Question:Can cats scratch the posts?
Answer:Yes...they can scratch on the posts. My kitty uses them a lot.
By Jo Williams on April 19, 2021
Yes
By DD on April 19, 2021
Question:My cat is very sensitive, is there any special smell of the cat tower?
Answer:None at all, no chemical smell at all. I hope this helps. My sister’s cats love it.
By Bronxgirl79 on May 7, 2021
It doesn’t really have a smell. Nothing overwhelming.
By Todd on May 7, 2021
I did not notice any smells when I first opened it.
By R.Bradley on May 9, 2021
No there isn’t a smell
By Penny on May 6, 2021
Question:What material does the plush covering use?
Answer:Ultra-soft faux fur
100% toxic-free material.
And, our cats love the tower!
By ZuZu on April 17, 2021
Question:What's the size of the top perch? My cat is fat.
Answer:Hi there. Thank you for your interest in our cat tree.
Please kindly note that the dimension of the top perch is 17.7” x 10.2”.
Here also by sending you the size information of this cat tree in all parts for your reference if you needed.
https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81XSv6LP1iL._AC_SL1500_.jpg
If you require any further assistance, please do not hesitate to write back to us. Here is our email address: support@rabbitgoo.com. Hope it will help. Thank you. see less
By Authorized Rabbitgoo Seller Gl… SELLER  on February 22, 2021
Question:When cats scratch the cat tower's post, will it break the rope?
Answer:Honestly, my cat doesn't use it that often but its pretty durable. It hasn't messed up the foundation or anything.
By 	Yazminty · June 4, 2021
