About this item
Stability & Safety: Cats tower for indoor cats designed with super solid and well-balanced construction provides endless opportunities for cats to play, explore, scratch, or just relax. The heavy-duty wooden base ensures its stability. Your cats can safely climb up and down the cat tree.
Play Fun Space: The all-in-one cat doors and a plush ball are perfect for climbing and scratching cats. Cats tree posts cover the consistently good quality of sisal ropes, it is suitable for your furry babies to scratch and promote exercise instead of scratching your furniture!
Warm Spacious Spots: With 500GSM skin-friendly short plush covering to keep your cats warmer and comfortable, 2 roomy hideaway cat condos for indoor cats which improve their sleep environment.Suitable for large cats/adult cats of all ages and activity levels.
Size Detailed: M: 20" x18" x34 ". The enclosures are detachable, equipped with one more additional enclosure for easy replacement. A removable cat platform cover is easy for quick cleanup & no-fuss care. Your furry cats enjoy cleaning. A large cat tree will add happiness to your feline friends.
Easy Assembly & Care: Lesure Cat Tree includes the distinguishable parts of installation instructions. You can install our cat trees and towers for large cats easily! Don't worry, we are equipped with detailed assembly instructions and installation step videos.
Question:Am I able to buy an additional part k?
Answer:Dear customer, I am sorry but we do not sell the parts separately. You can contact us by clicking the orange button “Ask a question” at our storefront or call the customer service phone directly.
By Bedsure Comfy Pet SELLER  on December 17, 2021
Question:Whats the white strap hanging from the top for did i miss something
Answer:There isn’t a white strap. Are you looking at the rope wrapped around the top scratching post?
By Hannah… on October 3, 2021
It is where the pompon gets attacked. Screw the pompon into the hole in the white strap :)
By Anne E. Wahdani on October 3, 2021
Mine didn’t have a white strap. Sorry
By Nancylee Lopez on October 3, 2021
So you can anchor it to the wall
By Jillian Saleh on October 4, 2021
Question:Could someone please show me how to attach the pom-pom?
Answer:On the bottom side of the top level with the bed, there is a threaded hole. One piece of the small black connector screws in there, then the threaded end of the pompon screws into it. It will all make sense once you see it.
By Kindle Customer on January 9, 2022
Question:What are the length, width, and height of the cubby? Can an 18 lb cat fit in the cubby?
Answer:Hello, 14.5"L x12.5"W x 11.5"H per small cubby. Your 18 lb cat can use this.
By Bedsure Comfy Pet SELLER  on March 25, 2021
My cats are between 8 and 9 Lbs. They fit with some spare room.
By Kara Robinson on March 24, 2021
Question:I like the design for my cats & i think my teyga clean/ dirty sign is compatible. what is the height of the cat tree house from the floor?
Answer:Dear customer, this is a cat tree with a height of 34 inches. :)
By Bedsure Comfy Pet SELLER  on June 15, 2021
I wasn’t able to finish assembling this because the holes were not drilled in the proper place for the 3rd layer. I don’t recommend it.
By suzdav on June 10, 2021
Question:Is the sisal pole sturdy enough for a 22 lb cat to climb? Would this tower be able for my senior fat cat to climb to the top perch easily?
Answer:Yes, I too have a fat senior cat. He fits fine on the top perch and actually likes to curl up in the boxes.
By Henryk J. on March 24, 2021
Question:Is the floor of top lounger solid? Also, is this cat activity tree stable?
Answer:Hello, the cat tree is definitely hard and solid with heavy-duty wooden floor.
By Bedsure Comfy Pet SELLER  on March 25, 2021
My new kitty spends most of her time on the top lounger. A removable washable cushion comes with the kit and should be put on top.
By Zena on March 24, 2021
Question:Do you have instructions or pictures? How to put it together?
Answer:My box comes with building instructions for assembly in it. We had no trouble putting it together based on it.
By Helen T. on March 24, 2021
Hello, the paperwork is included for easy assembly. Also, you can contact us by clicking the orange button “Ask a question” at our storefront or call the customer service phone directly.
By Bedsure Comfy Pet SELLER  on March 25, 2021
Question:My cat os 26lbs..could he safely use this without it tipping over,, and eould the condos be large enough for him to fit?
Answer:Yes
By A.DIET on September 23, 2021
Question:Is this good for a room with slanted walls and a ~10 month old kitten?
Answer:Possibly, depends on the placement. Also most of the pieces can be rotated around to more convenient arrangements if the cubbies' doorways are blocked. My cats love it and are always playing or sleeping on it. They are still pretty young and play like rambunctious kittens, even so it's holding up. I imagine your 10 month old will enjoy it as well even if it's only a fancy place to rest his head in the afternoon. see less
By Kate on November 20, 2021
Dear customer, it is suitable for your 10-month kitty and it is steady for a room with slanted walls .
By Bedsure Comfy Pet SELLER  on November 26, 2021
Question:Can the round scratching post be replaced?
Answer:i am not exactly sure but i would say you would need to find the perfect match to fit height and where you have to screw it into (top and bottom)
By A.DIET on July 29, 2021
Question:What about the weight capacity of the cat tree? Is this big enough for large cats?
Answer:Hello, the cat tree can hold up to 33 lbs and the cat tree is sturdy that your feline friends loved it.
By Bedsure Comfy Pet SELLER  on March 25, 2021
I think that's enough. I have 2 large kittens and both over 10lbs love lying on their own beds together.
By Holly Hernandez on March 24, 2021

