About this item
LUXURIOUS FURNITURE FOR YOUR KITTY: Our elegant cat condo towers boast different levels, soft memory foam cushions, a cube condo cave and a hanging ball toy, making it the ideal personal space and true sweet home for your feline friends to rest, play, stay active and satisfy their daily needs.
SUPER STURDY & SPACE SAVING: The compact size of our cat play tower guarantees you will be able to save up on space whilst providing your cats with the living and playing space they need. The super sturdy construction, square shaped base and strong roped scratching posts ensure the stability of the furniture while keeping your cats safe from toppling hazards no matter how active they may get.
CAT FRIENDLY HOME & PLAYGROUND: The plush cushions on each perch and the roomy cube condo of our cat tree makes a perfect napping lounge your kitty will never get enough of. The different levels provide many options for your pets to play and jump around and the hanging ball toy will entertain them for hours.
PREMIUM QUALITY & SIMPLE ASSEMBLY: Constructed using exclusively high quality materials and durable MDF wood, our cat climbing tower is built to last. And, you don’t have to be a pro to put it together as it boasts a hassle free screw-together assembly and the included instruction manual assists you step by step!
Question:This is good for big cats? Maine coons?
Answer:My cat is 16 lbs and has used it since the first day!
By George Piquette on October 6, 2021
Question:Does the cubby cube come assembled? I’d like to put the opening on the “back” side so that I can flip the tower & have cubby on right instead of left
Answer:Hi,
The cubby cube doesn't come assembled
By Pet Rite USA SELLER  on April 12, 2021
Question:People who have had this while, how does it hold up?
Answer:I've had it almost a year now and it's great! Easy to clean and sturdy. Two cats use it daily and they love it.
By Courtney on October 6, 2021
A lot of the unit seems like particle board because it’s crumbling just from me wiping it down.
By George Piquette on October 6, 2021
