About this item
Sturdy and Safe：Stability is always priority.This is a small but stable and multifunctional cat tower. Thanks to its anti-toppling fittings, strong P2-grade particle wood and the reinforced base plate, this cat condo will be a great companion during your cat's growth.
Climbing and Scratching：Multiple reinforced scratching posts with natural sisal ropes is perfect for your cats to scratch and grind their claws,. A scratching board works as a ramp to help your kitten climb on the cat cave as well as a replacement of your sofa for the endless scratching fun.
Comfy Home for Entertaining: 1 roomy condos offer luxurious napping experience; 2 plush perches with raised edge allow more safety for cats to enjoy the feeling of the top of the world while resting; 2 interactive jingly balls to play with, several layers layout for climbing up and down, sisal-covered slope adds so much more fun for playtime.
Easy Assemble: The cat furniture equipped with all the hardware, tools and detailed instructions for quick and easy installation. Overall Size: 19.7 x 15.7 x 44.5inch. Suitable for 2-3 cats of different ages to climb and play..
Still Hesitating? If you have any problems about our cat tower, please feel free to contact us. Hey-brother will provide you with professional customer service both before and after your purchas. Don’t wait any longer, add this to your home today!
Question:Does it need to be assembled?
Answer:OF COURSE YOU HAVE TO PUT IT TOGETHER. IT COMES WITH AN ALLEN WRENCH.
By JUDY S on August 6, 202
Question:Are the covers washable?
Answer:They don't come off. You could wash them by hand I suppose with something that won't harm pets.
By JUDY S on August 6, 2021
Question:How much to put it together?
Answer:I finished putting it together myself in about 30 minutes
By Amy S. on December 20, 2021
Question:Is there a maximum capacity or weight limit for the basket/hammock part?
Answer:I think they said like 12-15 lbs. my cats are big but not one of them will sit in that basket. I don’t know why. Have put them in there and they just get right out.
By Cravitz on December 15, 2021
My 2 cats get in the hammock at the same time. Their combined weight is 17 lbs. Hope this helps
By Andrea Pelletier on December 19, 2021
My cats are too big for it and they’re not even large cats. The beds/ hammocks seem like they’re for a kitten to be comfortable. Doesn’t seem like there’s a lot of room
By Amazon Customer on December 30, 2021
Question:Where can I find replacement parts? More specifically, the legs with the scratching rope and carpet around them..
Answer:I don’t know about replacement parts per se, but one of my friends used a blade/box cutter to cut off the old twine. She bought new twine from a craft store, then use a hot glue gun to adhere it as she wound it around the post. Not sure how crafty you are, but you could get carpet samples & replace the carpeting either with glue or staples depending on the location. You can usually get carpet samples from home improvement stores (even for free depending on the size) like Home Depot, lowes or a mom & pop shop. If you’re not very crafty or just don’t want/have the time to do it, I’d assume you could hire someone you know or online via an app like Next Door or your local town’s/city’s Facebook page to connect with ppl in your community. Or those task/odd job apps that work kind of like Uber/Lyft/InstaCart business but you pay ppl to do or help you with whatever (i.e. assembling IKEA furniture, painting a wall, hanging shelves, etc…) sorry for the long response, as I don’t want to make assumptions as to what you’re able/unable or even want to do. Hope this helps! see less
By Dian Bowers on December 14, 2021
Please contact us via Amazon purchase email
By Hey brother SELLER  on October 26, 2021
Question:What is the size of the scratch board?
Answer:the scratch board is 18" long and 7" wide. My kittens love the tower. I hope your cats enjoy it as well.
By Andrea Pelletier on October 20, 2021
The actual white scratching part is 17.5 x 6 and the entire length with fur is 18.5 x 7
By Cravitz on October 18, 2021
18.5 x 7.1 inch
By Hey brother SELLER  on October 18, 2021
Question:Is it big enough for an 18lb cat?
Answer:Yes, it is enough for an 18lb cat
By Hey brother SELLER  on July 13, 2021
