About this item
CAT ENTERTAINMENT CENTER: The jumping boards in different levels for your cats to climb up and down around the whole cat tree; fluffy cat house to hide or enjoy leisure time; top plush and capacious perch with raised edging to curl up on it or enjoy view out of the window; natural sisal ropes meet their instinct of scratching and sharpen their claws; side cozy basket to hang off. Your furry family members will be attracted and actively explore their new cat house
COMFORATBLE AND DECORATION: Covered with high quality plush materials, your baby cats will happily enjoy their lazy and cozy time in their new cat tower condo. The cat tower is recommended to be placed in the corner or near the window. It is also very stylish and fit well with other furniture in your living room
SAFETY AND STABILITY: Built with superior materials, high quality particle boards, well balanced design and strong base will ensure the stability. Cats can easily and safely leap on or off this cat tree
EASY TO ASSEMBLE AND DECORATION: Equipped with step by step instruction, which is straightforward and the only tool required is an Allen wrench to tighten the screws, which was included in the package
OVERALL SIZE AND SERVICE: 19.3”L x 19.3”W x 42.13”H(49 x 49 x 107cm). Cat stand is perfect for cats or kitties. Your complete satisfaction is our guarantee, please feel free to contact with us, if you have any problems before or after purchase
Question:Is this a true dark gray or a bluish gray?
Answer:Dear customer,
Thank you for your question.
The color is light gray,not drark gray,not bluish,just like the color in the picture. … see more
By BEWISHOME SELLER  on February 19, 2022
I had the same question, yes there is a lt gray but the dark gray looks blue.
By Amazon Customer on March 25, 2022
I chose the light grey option. It is a plush material, not like a carpet.
By Jeri Tuhey on February 19, 2022
Question:Before I throw it outside, how do you get S1 to bolt into C3 successfully and tightly????????? 😡😡😡
Answer:My husband had to revise it. They had it incorrect in the directions. I think it was something like you had to swap it either with the other one or had to flip it - there was a catch to that. Don’t throw it out - irritating as it is. Ours is great after we finally got that figured out.
By Cheryl on January 23, 2022
Question:How can I get two replacement parts for it without having to return the whole thing? Thank you!
Answer:Dear Customer，
PLS kindly contact our shop through Amazon to see if we can resend you the two replacement parts you need.
If you have any other question or requirement, please feel free to contact us.
Amy
BEWISHOME Customer Services Rep. see less
By BEWISHOME SELLER  on December 21, 2021
Question:I am reading description that the cat upper platform is an ample 15.35 x 20.47 in. Why would the review written about it is too small for her 6 mo ?!
Answer:The platform support is 12"x19". The pillowed sides measure larger. Because it is so comfy, my cat sprawls across the top with her legs hanging off. But she loves it.
By Jeri Tuhey on February 19, 2022
Question:Where is this made?
Answer:Dear Customer,
Thanks a lot for your question about the cat tree.
They are made in China. Materials are CARB-certified natural particle boards and strengthened with battens at the bottom, sturdy posts with natural sisal rope. Hope It can help you. … see more
By BEWISHOME SELLER  on July 7, 2021
Mine
Didn’t say came in a no name box was odd but cat loves it and it even supports my 4 year olds weight
By Cheyenne on July 8, 2021
Question:What is the height from the floor to the ledge of condo. I need it to fit at window ledge. Thanks.
Answer:Dear Pamela Richardson,
Thanks a lot for your question.
The height from the floor to the ledge of condo is 42.13”,hope it can help you. … see more
By BEWISHOME SELLER  on June 1, 2021
Question:I need the height from the floor to the bottom edge of enclosed condo. Thanks.
Answer:Dear Pamela Richardson ,
Thanks a lot for your question.
The height from the floor to the bottom edge of enclosed condo is about 55.5cm,hope it can help you.
If you have any other question,please feel free to contact us.
Best wishes
Bewishome see less
By BEWISHOME SELLER  on June 2, 2021
