About this item
CAT’S PLAYGROUND: Lounging up high on large and well-cushioned perch with raised edging, your feline friends will enjoy their lazy time; curl up in the cozy capacious condo, kitten will fall into sweet dream; Sisal scratching posts to meet their instinct of scratching and protect your furniture; With extra cozy basket to snap and hang off
COMFY AND QULITY COVERING: The cat tree is constructed by plush and durable material, which offering comfortable and soft touch. The cat tower is recommended to be placed in the corner or near the window. This design also allows the tree to better fit into various room layouts
STABLE AND STURDY: High quality particle boards, well balanced design and strong base will ensure the stability. Cats will safely jump up and down this cat tree
EASY TO ASSEMBLE: Equipped with step by step instruction, which is straightforward and the only tool required is an Allen wrench to tighten the screws, which was included in the package
OVERALL DIMENSION: 18.11”L x 18.11”W x 25.6”H. Cat stand is perfect for cats playing and having nap. Your complete satisfaction is our guarantee, please feel free to contact with us, if you have any problems before or after purchase
Question:Could a 25 pound cat fit in the bottom cubby?
Answer:My 20 pound cat fits in it well, though it may be a little tight for a 25 pound cat, depending on how tall they are.
By Jessi on March 17, 2022
Question:I have an older cat that has mobility issues. Would this cat tree be easy for him to get down from the top without jumping straight to the floor?
Answer:my cat has no jumping issues, but that said, the levels are absolutely doable for a cat with limited jumping ability
By Susan 3672 on March 19, 2021
Although my cat uses this item, she still LOVES the low standing cat hammock the most
By Susan 3672 on March 19, 2021
This is really more for a very small cat. More like kittens. It falls over if the cat is too large.
By Karen Ward on March 20, 2021
That’s why I got it. She can get in chair to it’s arm and then over to condo. She can watch out her window.
By Amazon Customer on March 19, 2021
Question:Cat included?
Answer:Dear Customer,
Thank you for your question.
I am sorry to tell you that cat will not be included.
Best wishes
Bewishome store see less
By BEWISHOME SELLER  on November 10, 2021
Question:Is it possible to get a replacement basket? The kitty loves it and it broke heis very sad.
Answer:I would not buy again it was wobbly no matter how many times I tight it.it feel over with my kitten, the basket is small, and my kitten was able to tear it, I tried to return after setting it up before my kitten even use it, because of the unstable , I email the company as advise by Amazon, waited couple of weeks got back email telling me to email again what I Was unhappy with. once again sent email explain It was unstabbed, then another email request same info. this is not worth the money YOU are better of going to a pet store and buying one, I will never buy from this company again. When it toppy
over with my kitten I got rid of it. see less
By Gail Hall on March 19, 2022
Dear Carol R. ，
Pls kindly contact us through Amazon for the replacement basket.
If you have any other question or requirement, please feel free to contact us.
Yours sincerely,
Amy
BEWISHOME CUSTOMER SERVICES REP.
By BEWISHOME SELLER  on March 18, 2022
Please note that I have purchased and verified this, though it looks like it's the correct dimensions and attaches the same way. (The item has free refunds if it ia wrong)

https://smile.amazon.com/dp/B085W4RM42/ref=cm_sw_r_apan_glt_i_XZW77PXPJX359R2W93VK?_encoding=UTF8&psc=1
By Jessi on March 17, 2022
Question:Can the basket be left off while assembling?
Answer:Dear NC shopper ,
Thanks a lot for your question.
The basket can be left off while assembling,hope it can help you.
If you have any other question,please feel free to contact us.
Best wishes
Bewishome see less
By BEWISHOME SELLER  on July 13, 2021
Yes. I did
By Amazon Customer on July 12, 2021
