About this item
Premium Quality Materials- This product is made of 100% natural sisal hemp.The base and top is a weighted MDF covering the carpet.Nature High Quality Sisal Safe Plush Long Lasting Usage Stable basement, never tip over easily.
Protect your furniture: - Grab sticks and plush toys combine to attract cats to play and grab, natural sisal is suitable for cats to grab, effectively preventing cats from grabbing furniture .
Designed for indoor use- Neutral colors work well with existing decor in your home.ideal for any living room, bedroom, or home office.
34"Tall Cat Scratching Post-16 x 16 x 34 Inches,design for all size cats from kitten and adult cats .Other models are 22 " is specially designed for kitties or smaller cats.
Easy Assemble:- Just screw all parts together,Assemble needed, all tools and instructions included.Please contact us if you have any further questions.
Question:Do you have to screw it to the floor in order not to fall over?
Answer:The platform is big enough that my cat has never knocked it over so I would say, no, you don't have to screw it to the floor.
By tick on January 12, 2022
Weeelll....I Have not had to, but I DID put two fairly large rocks around the post.My smaller catz hang from it as shown in the photo.
What DID happen to both(we have two)was the post separated from the base.Easy effective fix...Gorilla glued both pieces and re-assembled. They are still one piece.
Hope this helps. see less
By Gypsy tiger on January 12, 2022
I didn't but I think that would depend on the size of your car. I have the base against the baseboard and it doesn't move when my cat uses it.
By Jeffrey S. Smith on January 20, 2022
Not at all. The platform makes the pole very steady. I've had this for over a year now; my kitty uses it several times a day, and it has never tipped over.
By Lizette Acosta on January 12, 2022
No it has a wide base. My cats run at it and climb up it with no problem.
By Amazon Customer on January 12, 2022
No it's really stable and I have a large cat
By Karen Post on January 13, 2022
Question:Width of poles?
Answer:The pole meaures 3-1/2" in diameter and 10-1/4" in circumference.
By Jeffrey S. Smith on April 4, 2022
Without finding my vernier calipers, the closest I could measure was 3.4 inches, give or take one-tenth of an inch.
By Fred Sage on April 1, 2022
Question:Does your cat love this?
Answer:Love is a strong word, but I would say my cats use this. And in doing so, they don’t scratch the furniture.
By Minerva2018 on September 17, 2021
Both my cats use it several times a day. It’s holding up very well so far!!
By So_What_1958 on September 17, 2021
Yes,they do
THIS one is tall enough they can stretch.
One thing...
the 1st one I got the post "broke" at the base.They can be rough..my boys.
I simply applied gorilla glue..set it aside for a couple days...all better.
1 more thing...they try to hang from it...i just put a couple big rocks on base.
I recommend it. see less
By Gypsy tiger on September 17, 2021

