About this item
This Multi-Level cat tree can accommodate2-3 adult cats to play at the same time.Cats will like to play on/around and sleep on it.It is a Great activity center for scratching,climbing,sleeping,and exercising.It is steady for cats to jump on and off.Cats will feel safe and interesting to play on it.
Stability is always the Priority.This cat tree for indoor cats is crafted out of CARB-certified P2-grade particle board.A.. A safety strap is provided to attach the cat tree to the wall for extra stability. Extra-strong sisal is strong and sturdy enough for your pets to play with.
Soft flannelette cover gives the cat a comfortable resting place. There are 10 scratching post in different heights help cats encourage positive scratching behavior and meet different scratching preferences .After cats develop the habit of scratching, they will stay away from your furniture.
It is very easy to put together, it will take about 30-40 minutes to assembly them as you follow the installation instruction.For safety, please wear gloves for installation.
Placement: The cat tree for large cats is recommended to be placed near the window or in the corner, perfect for kittiens or adult cats.
Question:How many cats can this cat tower hold? I have three kittens.
Answer:This cat tower with condons is designed for the family with multiple cats, they are share this activity canter at a time . But to be honest, these cute kids don't play together all the time,so don't worry.
By Tracy roberson on July 20, 2021
Question:Does it come with all the tools necessory to assemble it ?
Answer:Yes, it comes with everything you need .
By chandler on August 19, 2021
Ours did not
By Corey on December 15, 2021
Question:Is this cat tree stable at the bottom? It looks quite high.
Answer:Yes , this kind of cat tree for indoor cats is with reinforced wood base to ensure the stability.also it has an anchor to the wall for double security.
By Trevon McMiller on July 20, 2021
Question:Will this cat tree for large cats be difficult to put together? I'm not good at handwork.
Answer:The installation manual is attached to the packing box of the products, and there is installation video on the home page for reference.As long as you follow the instructions from there, you should be fine. :)
By avidreader on August 2, 2021
Question:Can the perches and condos hold large full grown cats?
Answer:Yes! I have 3 large, full grown cats. All 3 weigh over 15 pounds and they all love it.
By Jarvis on January 10, 2022
The top is wobbly and my cats won’t go up there, but the rest of it is good.
By SassiKassi on January 10, 2022
Yes, my cat fits his way in and my cat Is big
By PaPo on January 10, 2022
Yes, we did a bit more support for a 10 pounder and an 11 pounder
By Haroon R. on January 11, 2022
Yes it’s great
By Charri Robinson on January 10, 2022
Question:Can it be used outside ?
Answer:No,It is made of pressed wood with a fleecy carpet material on top, so it can't get wet,only for indoor using.
By Preston Plotke on August 19, 2021
Question:Will this be able to hold my 2 very chonky girls? One is 16 pounds and the other one is 14 pounds?
Answer:I would look for something bigger I got mine for two kittens now they need something a little bigger I would go with something bigger.
By JIMDADDY on April 22, 2022
Question:Is this cat tree stable at the bottom? It looks quite high.
Answer:Yes , this kind of cat tree for indoor cats is with reinforced wood base to ensure the stability.also it has an anchor to the wall for double security.
By Amanda J. Lee on July 19, 2021

