About this item
ROOMY AND ENJOYABLE:No matter your kitten wants to overlook the world on the top perch, melt into the luxury deep hammock, or feel spoiled in the cozy cradle, this multi-level cat tree works perfectly as a recreation paradise! Your furry friends can play with the interactive hanging ball , tour freely in their castle across the platforms, or just be lazy inside the warm condo - Exploration never ends!
STURDY AND STABLE: Super solid construction, well balanced design, strong base, cats can easily and safely leap on or off this cat tree. This cat mansion also comes with a wall anchor strap to attach it to the wall for extra stability when you have multiple cats using it as an activity center
QUALITY PLUSH COVERING: The multi level cat tower is composed of good quality plush material, which is very soft and comfortable, your furry family members will love the plush touch and enjoy exploring and sniffing around its new home, no scratching your furniture any more
NICE LOOKING: This attractive cat trees and towers in elegant gray will blend nicely with your room decor as a piece of modern cat furniture. A perfect gift for both your kitten and your sweet home!
EASY TO ASSEMBLE : Easy-to-use cat playground equipped with all the hardwares, tools and detailed graphic instructions for hassle-free installation. Overall dimension - 23.6"L x 11.8"D x 57"H (60 x 30 x 145cm), perfect for large kitties/adult cats
Question:How many cats can this cat tower hold? I have three kittens.
Answer:This cat tower with condons is designed for the family with multiple cats, they are share this activity canter at a time . But to be honest, these cute kids don't play together all the time,so don't worry.
By Tracy roberson on July 20, 2021
Question:Does it come with all the tools necessory to assemble it ?
Answer:Yes, it comes with everything you need .
By chandler on August 19, 2021
Ours did not
By Corey on December 15, 2021
Question:Is this cat tree stable at the bottom? It looks quite high.
Answer:Yes , this kind of cat tree for indoor cats is with reinforced wood base to ensure the stability.also it has an anchor to the wall for double security.
By Trevon McMiller on July 20, 2021
Question:Will this cat tree for large cats be difficult to put together? I'm not good at handwork.
Answer:The installation manual is attached to the packing box of the products, and there is installation video on the home page for reference.As long as you follow the instructions from there, you should be fine. :)
By avidreader on August 2, 2021
Question:Can the perches and condos hold large full grown cats?
Answer:Yes! I have 3 large, full grown cats. All 3 weigh over 15 pounds and they all love it.
By Jarvis on January 10, 2022
The top is wobbly and my cats won’t go up there, but the rest of it is good.
By SassiKassi on January 10, 2022
Yes, my cat fits his way in and my cat Is big
By PaPo on January 10, 2022
Yes, we did a bit more support for a 10 pounder and an 11 pounder
By Haroon R. on January 11, 2022
Yes it’s great
By Charri Robinson on January 10, 2022
Question:Can it be used outside ?
Answer:No,It is made of pressed wood with a fleecy carpet material on top, so it can't get wet,only for indoor using.
By Preston Plotke on August 19, 2021
Question:Will this be able to hold my 2 very chonky girls? One is 16 pounds and the other one is 14 pounds?
Answer:I would look for something bigger I got mine for two kittens now they need something a little bigger I would go with something bigger.
By JIMDADDY on April 22, 2022
Question:Is this cat tree stable at the bottom? It looks quite high.
Answer:Yes , this kind of cat tree for indoor cats is with reinforced wood base to ensure the stability.also it has an anchor to the wall for double security.
By Amanda J. Lee on July 19, 2021
