About this item
【Basic Cat Tree Cost-Effective】 If you don't want to spend a lot of money and want to buy a cat condo that covers all the basic functions, just buy this one! You can place the small cat tower in any spare place in your house. This tree is just the right height that the cat tree can lord over your desk and you can accompany the cat without directly interfering with your work.
【20.8” Cat Tree Maximum Stability】 Good design in line with engineering mechanics, 20.8 inches of cat activity tree is suitable for the daily jumping and climbing of adult cats. Constructed by particleboard and strengthened with battens at the bottom to ensure overall stability. The excellent design and sturdy base ensure that the cat can freely jump up and down.
【Superior Quality Materials】Good materials make the cat tower more durable and provide a guarantee for the cat’s healthy life and happy playing. Sisal-Covered Scratching Posts allow our cat nail scratching and promote exercising. The fabric of platform is soft and thick, and the cat can hold it firmly without scratching the claws. The refined fuzzy cat condo allows cats to sleep and play for a long time without feeling frouzy.
【No Scratching Your Furniture Anymore】 The cute little mouse toy release the cat’s natural nature of catching prey. Scratching posts are lined with natural sisal ropes is perfect for your cats to scratch and sharpen their claws, prevent your furniture and clothes from cat’s scratching. Our basic cat tree provide multiple levels and scratching posts, cats push out their claws, playfully engage.
【Easy To Install And Multi-Color Optional】 Size: 23.6*16.5*20.8 inches. Equipped with detailed instructions for quick and easy installation; cleaning easily with good quality materials; fits in any room corner while adding an extra air of tastefulness with its fashion color matching; perfect for small kitties/adult cats.
Question:what kind of screws does it need?
Answer:It comes with e everything you need to put it together
By Olivia Reel on December 29, 2021
Question:Can the mouse toy on the cat tree be replaced?
Answer:Hello，the mouse toy is fixed on the top plate of small cat tower and cannot be replaced. PAWDAY wishes you a happy shopping
By PAWDAY SELLER  on June 12, 2021
Question:I have a large female cat,will this size small cat condo work for her too?
Answer:Hello，PAWDAY cat tree is heavy and sturdy. Adult cat that weighs about 17 pounds，also can drill into every part freely.
By PAWDAY SELLER  on June 15, 2021
Question:Will it hold a 20 pound cat?
Answer:Hello dear customer, my 18-pound British shorthair can move steadily on this cat climbing tree and sleep in the condo. I think you can try.
By PAWDAY SELLER  on June 22, 2021
Question:How wide is the opening to the cat tower cave? Dose the condo plush is washable?
Answer:
Hello，our opening of the cat house is 6.6 inches long and 5.1 inches wide. The outer plush cover is removable and easy to clean. Whis you have a happy shopping！
By PAWDAY SELLER  on June 15, 2021
