About this item
MULTI-LAYERED FOR FUN: The cat tower designed with 2 cat houses in different levels for cats to climb up and down easily, and roomy enough to have nap in it. And top plush perches in two different levels to watch something intriguing out the window
IDEAL CAT’S PLAYGROUND: Your cats will melt into the basket lounger to enjoy the comfortable time. The dangly fuzz-balls will be especially delightful to bounce around. The cat condo isn't too tall or large, but had a large enough space for your fur baby to play or relax on it
STURDY AND EASY ASSEMBLY: High quality particle boards, well balanced design and strengthened base plates double secure the overall stability. Equipped with step by step instruction, which is straightforward and the only tool required is an Allen wrench to tighten the screws, which was included in the package
SATISFY CATS’ INSTINCTS AND PROTECT FURNITURE: The scratching posts reinforced with natural sisal rope will satisfy your small cat’s instinct of scratching. No more worrying about your furniture getting scratched
OVERALL SIZE AND SERVICE:19.09"L x 15.94"W x37.8"H(48.5 x 40.5 x 96cm). Cat stand is perfect for cats or kitties. Your complete satisfaction is our guarantee, please feel free to contact with us, if you have any problems before or after purchase
Question:How is this tree for extra "fluffy" cats?
Answer:It’s a great sturdy tree. I am impressed with the quality. I have 5 cats that use it
By KM on October 21, 2021
Question:How tall is this, You say it’s 37 an eighth and then you say it’s 47.5 which is it?
Answer:I would say closer to 37 inches. I don’t have it with me but it’s not that tall
By KM on October 21, 2021
It's 47.5.

Be careful if you have kittens. They like to hold on to those soft sides to get on the perch and the sides will flop, and kitten will fall.
By Jan T on October 20, 2021
Dear MMW,
The cat tree is 37.8” high, hope it can help you.
If you have any other question or requirement, please don't hesitate to let us know.
Best wishes,
Amy
BEWISHOME CUSTOMER SERVICES REP.
By BEWISHOME SELLER  on October 21, 2021
Question:Would anyone have a video of how to assemble this?
Answer:The directions are very easy to follow took me about 15 minutes to assemble
By KM on October 21, 2021
Question:Can I purchase replacement pieces? My older cat is too big for the perches and I’d like to replace one with a wider perch.
Answer:I couldn't find replacements. I have a larger cat also. I managed to find another cat tree that was for larger cats and I still have that one. This one was for my younger two.
By Terry N. on January 4, 2022
Question:What is the weight a cat can be to use this?
Answer:I have 2 male cats that love this !!!!! Cypress likes the very top beds weight is 17 lbs . Rascal who is my dominant male takes the second bed weighs in at 19 lbs and their Vet. is very unhappy with that . Sorry no exercise equipment sold for cats. I love my boys 🐈🐈
By Deborah LeBlanc on September 21, 2021
