About this item
Stylish Cactus Design: Aesthetic cute cactus shaped scratching post with color-saturated look will be sure to grab full attention of your cat and adds unique element to your modern home. Unlike traditional cat tree, this cat tree features moppy fabric plush material that feels great for cats to nuzzle. Size of cat tree: 19’’Lx19’’Wx43’’H / 48x48x110cm, 26.2lb / 11.9kg.
Stable and Safe: Solid particle board provides excellent durability, ensuring safety and sturdiness while cat is jumping, playing or scratching. Our cat paradise provides little tigers with endless hours of entertainment. Thanks to its reinforced base plate and heavy duty threaded rod assembly, this cat tree could be wonderful gift for home with a kitten as a starter tree.
Removable & Machine Washable Perch Cover: Soft perch, cozy basket and roomy condo offer luxurious napping spots as snug as cat bed. Put this cat tower by window. Birdwatching perch helps feline friends see outside and satisfy their curiosity. At the bottom, the ramp works both as ladder and scratching board. Help kitten climb into cat cave and exercise muscle at the same time.
Scratching Posts for Small-Medium Cats: The pillars are wrapped with sisal ropes, which satisfy cats’ natural scratching instinct and help them develop good habit of scratching and clawing. This cat tree helps prevent cats from scratching sofa, carpets, curtains, furniture and other indoor items. Detachable dangling ball offers your kittens extra fun.
Easy to Install: Each part is stamped for easy identification. Take your time and separate screws before assembling for easy installation. Not satisfied yet? If you have any problems or questions, please do not hesitate to contact our customer service for assistance before or after your purchase.
Question:how tall is it?
Answer:Hi,
It is 43 inches tall (110cm).
Thanks.
By HYtrading SELLER  on November 4, 2021
Question:I know the cactus is 43inches tall. How tall is it to the top perch?
Answer:Hi,
Approx. 92cm tall.
Best,
BOSOZOKU see less
By HYtrading SELLER  on November 26, 2021
I don't know because it was such a nightmare to assemble I sent it back
By L.S. on November 20, 2021

