About this item
CAT CLIMBING ACTIVITY CENTER: This floor to ceiling cat tree resembles a real tree with adjustable height to satisfy kittens’ different needs on climbing height. The cat tower features with 5 plush-covered platforms,1 cozy round cat bed and 3 sisal-covered rope scratching post, a dangling ball for cats to catch, catch, catch
DURABLE CONSTRUCTION: This high cat tower has a sturdy base on the bottom and a connector tension rod on the top to connect the ceiling, which helps to add stability to this tall cat tree tower. Place the cat tree on the wall corner to add more stability and safety for your kitties playing on this special-designed cat activity tree center when climbing, jumping, scratching.
MULTI-LEVEL PLATFORMS AND COZY BED: The cozy flush cat hammock bed is gonna to be a paradise for kittens, small and medium cats to rest, perch and napping. 5 levels of different size platforms meet high and low climbing needs of feline,comfortable and challenging.Please do be minded this tall cat post is recommended for kitten and small to medium cats, cats over 20lbs might be heavy for the very top scratching post.
SPACE SAVEING AND EASY TO MOVE: The cat scratching posts did not take much space and convenient to carry to any spots you like: Wall Corner, Balcony, Living Room, Bedroom. The tension rod on the top can be adjusted to a preferred height from high to slow（95-107 Inches） accommodate room ceiling. No worries on moving to a lower room or placing on balcony with platform.
EASY ASSEMBLY AND ISSUE-FREE: It takes about 10 minutes or less to have the cat tree scratch post installed. For any questions on the cat tree towers, you can contact us directly, The seller is always here of help. A professional service team will be on your call to solve all your worries.
Question:Is it possible to buy additional parts to extend it and make my tower taller? all i would need is one h or g piece because my ceiling is too tall
Answer:Hi there, yes we can sell extra posts to you, please contact us directly so that we can arrange the parts and send them to you.
By hzhwpet SELLER  on September 27, 2021
From what I can tell no. It comes with an extension. I would just say buy a metal pole the same width as the one you were given and use that. It won't wobble and you can buy it the exact size you need. My pole keeps falling down all the time.
By JanetElla on September 26, 2021
I had the same problem and I'm not sure of the answer...mine is sitting in my closet.
I would reach out to the company to find out the answer.
By Jana B on September 26, 2021
Question:What is the height of the top platform?
Answer:Hi there, the height of the top platform is 182 cm/71.6 inches.
By hzhwpet SELLER  on November 17, 2021
The top shelf/platform is 73 inches from my floor, the tan top pole is 17 1/2 inches and the white top is flexible as it is on a spring and can compress to the top of the tan top pole
By Ibbugin on November 16, 2021
72 inches (6')
By SRO on November 16, 2021
Approximately 6 ft 3
By leanne on November 15, 2021
Question:Are there 5 tiers? There are only 3 tiers pictured. 4 tiers if you count the floor.
Answer:Hi there, there is some kind of system failure, actually this is the title for the upgraded version, which is 5 levels including the floor level. Sorry for the misunderstanding, we will do corrections to it ASAP. Thanks for your reminder.
By hzhwpet SELLER  on February 21, 2022
I have the upgraded gray one, it has 4 shelves
By SRO on February 11, 2022
Mine has floor then 4 more teirs
By Ibbugin on February 9, 2022
Do buy this it is horrible and they won’t refund your money 😡 fell and broke to pieces in 10 minutes 🤣🤣🤣
Question:Do I need to drill holes in ceiling? Is the tension rod secure ?
Answer:Hi there, of course you don't need to drill holes in ceiling, compress the tension rod to our overall recommended height, the cat tree will be secured then.
By hzhwpet SELLER  on November 22, 2021
Question:Do i need to drill
Answer:Hi there, of course you don't need to drill holes in ceiling, compress the tension rod to our overall recommended height, the cat tree will be secured then.
By hzhwpet SELLER  on November 22, 2021
Question:What’s the ceiling stopper disc measure?
Answer:Hi there, the diameter of the ceiling stopper disc is 10cm, that is 4 inch. Wish this is helpful for you.
By hzhwpet SELLER  on June 24, 2021
Question:Where can i buy replacement balls? My cat loves this but he destroys the balls fast.
Answer:Hi there, you can contact us directly, we can prepare and send you replacement balls.
By hzhwpet SELLER  on November 17, 2021
Question:At what heights are the platforms?
Answer:Hi there, the length of each post is 55cm/21.6 inches. So the height of platforms from low to high are 21.6 inches, 43.2 inches, 64.8 inches.
By hzhwpet SELLER  on January 20, 2022
Do not buy garbage and they won’t refund your money 😡
By teresa shenk-stuart on January 16, 2022
Question:Can this cat tree be assembled without the perches in the middle? I want my cat to be able to climb straight up.
Answer:This cat tower need to be attached to the ceiling for added safety, all the platforms and perches are balanced on the left and right side of the cat tree. Firstly, it provides a place for rest and jump to a higher platform, Secondly, it's more balance and stable with them. Thirdly, cats/kittens always enjoy staying on either the platform and the cozy bed, Fourthly, there is a hanging ball toy for kitty to paly with. So we strongly advise to have it assembled between the two scratching posts. For any other questions on this cat tree towers, just feel free to contact us( the seller) before and after your purchase. see less
By hzhwpet SELLER  on June 24, 2021
If it is like most of the same type trees, you should add the perches but to facilitate it be easier and quicker to climb, and to stabilize it, I have in the past purchased ( at my local home improvement center) a long length of PVC pipe that I put up the middle of the thing. It can provide great stability and help with wobbliness. I guess there is a possibility you could TRY to assemble it with the pipe and NO perches, but as the manufacturer suggests, I would say leaving the perches on is best. see less
By CathyQ on January 23, 2022
Question:My ceiling is 90.6". will this cat tower work for me?
Answer:This cat tree fits for ceiling from 89.8'' to 107.9'', there is a white tension rod to adjust the cat tower height. So 90.6'' ceiling would be fine. There is a detailed Product Size Picture on the second picture for your easy checking, please also feel free to contact us( the seller) whenever you need help both before and after your purchase. see less
By hzhwpet SELLER  on June 24, 2021
Question:What is the maximum weight this will hold? I have big cats.
Answer:Hello, the cat tree tower is for small and medium cat, large cats over 20lbs are not recommended for this cat tree. In addition, as the scratching post connected is high to the ceiling, it's very important to make sure the extension rod is connected to the ceiling before cats climbing on the tower.
For any other questions on cat trees and towers, please feel free to contact us for help. see less
By hzhwpet SELLER  on June 24, 2021
