About this item
🌵[MEOW MEOW MEOW]Would you want to find a comfortable and interesting home for your Kitty? The Kindacool cat tree tower is specially designed for indoor cats. It provides opportunities for cats to play, explore, hide, scratch or relax. Your kitty can play to the fullest in the cat tree or rest comfortably in the condo!
🌵[RELAX JUMPING & GOOD STABILITY]The stability and safety are the priority. This Kindacool luxury cat tree are made of CARB-certified P2-grade particle board which featuring high density construction and superior durability, the upgraded base and sturdy posts provide strong support,ensures overall stability of the cat tree. The posts are coiled with natural sisal,meet your kitty's climbing nature.
🌵[UNIQUE DESIGN]This multiple level cat tree is designed for more than one cats to play at the same time.This cat tower is covered with skin-friendly plush, roomy cat condo, warm basket, jump platform, an extra-large top perch and furry balls that will provide a lot of lounging room and fun to your kittens. The unique rainforest style and interesting design make it not only a cat tree but also a very attractive furniture.
🌵[VERSATILE ACTIVITY CENTER]The ramp with sisal can be used both as a ladder and a scratching post, it will help your kitty climb onto the cat condo and exercise their paws at the same time. This cat tower has a toy plush ball and three flying plush balls hang on the top of the cat tree, it can responds to cats' intensive movements and attracts their attention, so your kitty can have fun at home alone.
🌵[EASY ASSEMBLY]Overall dimension: 19.09"(L)x19.09"(W)x53"(H). Which can easily hold up to 50lb, up to 4 small to medium cats playing at the same time, not suitable for large cats (eg Maine Coon). The cat tower and condo are easy to assemble with detailed installation instructions. A perfect gift for both your kitten and your sweet home!
🌵[SERVICE]If you have any questions, please contact us first, we will give you a satisfactory solution.
Question:Is these cat activity trees stable at the bottom?
Answer:Very stable! My cat likes to jump around on the tree, the whole cat tree does not shake, very satisfied with the design.
By Kristeena Rangel on September 16, 2021
Question:Can I order individual pieces to replace one that has been damaged?
Answer:Dear customer, we're sorry to tell you that we don't sell individual pieces
By Kindacoool SELLER  on February 11, 2022
Question:How wide at its widest? Not the base.
Answer:In space dimension, the maximum width of this cat tree is 85 cm/ 33inches. All dimensions are measured manually with deviations ranged from 1-3 cm.
By tyler lavergne on September 16, 2021
Question:Can anyone tell me how to put it together, please?
Answer:I can see the instruction manual in the box. Easily assemble the cat tree by looking at the instruction manual. There is also an assembly video. It is very easy to assemble watching the video.
By Amazon Customer on September 16, 2021
Question:Is this easy to assemble for a person who isn't particularly handy?
Answer:It can easily be assembled by one person since it has very detailed installation instructions.
By alan adams on January 14, 2022
Make sure to follow the video exactly as is. It’s easy but it can get a little confusing without the instructions !
By Bre on January 14, 2022
Question:Does your cat enjoy the cat tree?
Answer:Sure.My cat LOVES it!!
By Dante Berry on February 11, 2022
Yes! They play and sleep on it all the time
By Taylor Crook on February 11, 2022
Question:How sturdy is it?
Answer:my two year old has sat on it and climbed it. It held him so it should be sturdy for a cat. Instructions were a bit confusing though. Its about 4 ft tall all together I was hoping for taller but it serves its purpose.
By JODY GARRETT on February 11, 2022
