About this item
[Huge Versatile Fun Center]: Your cats can overlook the world on a 59" high platform, play around in two warm condos large enough for 4 kittens, or rest quietly in a basket, our versatile cat tree meets all the life needs of your kittens. Spoil your cats with TSCOMON's huge cat tree!
[Maximum Security]: Reinforced panels and columns provide overall stability. Weighing in at 30 pounds, it's a real thing. So when kittens jump up and down, the tall cat tree doesn't topple. Perfect for medium and small cats.
[Fulfill Your Cat's Nature]: Multi-level meet your feline’s climbing nature. The durable sisal rope allows your cat to sharpen the nails while saving your delicate furniture from scratches.Cats can also lie on a perch at the top looking out of the window and sunbathing.
[Decor Your Furniture]: TSCOMON cat tree is always combined with the furniture design concept. Versatile style decor your space easily while satisfying the cat to play. Suitable design make your cat more like a member of the family. Overall dimensions: 37” * 21.5” * 59”. Package Weight: 31 lb.
[Easy to Assemble]: Our cat trees come with Assembly Instruction. The video has detailed graphic installation steps for hassle-free installation. if you have any questions during the use of our products, please tell us by email and we will try our best to serve you.
Question:How do I get a replacement screw for one that is missing?
Answer:Send an email to the seller and they will send it to you.
By JOSE L TIRADO on September 2, 2021
Question:Will this cat tower be hard to put together? I'm not good at handwork.
Answer:The instructions are quite good. It took me 20 min to figure out which screws or attachments they were referring to, but found that counting them and comparing them to the pictures they show, made it much easier. As long as you follow the instructions from there, you should be fine. :)
By MARIO ESTEBAN on September 3, 2021
Question:What is the diameter of the posts?
Answer:The diameter of this cat tree posts are about 2.2"-2.5".
By TSCOMON store SELLER  on February 21, 2022
Question:Hi! How tall is the ramp portion?
Answer:The height of the ramp from the ground is about 12.59".
By TSCOMON store SELLER  on February 21, 2022
