About this item
Stable and Safe: Anti-dumping design and high-quality hardware accessories, double protection, ensure that the cat tower with scratching post has stronger load-bearing and stability, and cats are very safe to play and jump
Sturdy Support: A widened base plate made of CARB certified P2 particleboard. A support tube made of high quality glue and paper tubes, making the cat trees more stable and durable, this cat condos for indoor cats will be a great companion
Healthy Material: The cat tower with scratching post and scratching board covered by natural sisal rope are more conducive to the cat's scratching and climbing, protecting the furniture and the cat owner from injury. Soft Plush fabrics give cats a lazy life
All-in-one Cat Furniture: The cat climbing tower contains the top perch with plush cover, the rotatable cat hammock that fits the cat's body curve, the two-way imported luxury cat condo and fuzzy ball, create a pleasant cat activity trees for cats
Cost-effective & Easy to Install: The 35in cat tower is suitable for 2-3 cats to play with. Cute cat tree stand fits in under window sills of single apartments, or in offices. All the parts are labelled well and the instructions are very clear
Question:How tall does it stand fully built?
Answer:34 inches tall. My cat really loves this cat tree.
By Janet on December 18, 2021
Question:What is the diameter of the circular bed?
Answer:12” diameter
By Natasha on December 26, 2021
12"x16"
By Amazon Customer on December 28, 2021
Question:Is this cat tower pre assembled?
Answer:No you have to assemble it but there are instructions to follow.
By Janet on December 18, 2021
Question:Is this cat tree pre assembled ?
Answer:No, The cat tree requires you to assemble it according to the instructions or the installation video before it can be used.
By More sun SELLER  on December 13, 2021
Question:What size is the top platform?
Answer:Dear Friend, the size of the top platform is 12" *15", and it can be disassembled and cleaned.
By More sun SELLER  on December 14, 2021

