About this item
1. EXQUISITE WONDERLAND: No matter your kitten would like to shuttle back and forth in the detachable swing tunnel, indulge in scratching on the fully sisal covered scratching posts or lounge on the wide platform to have fun with the fuzzy dangling ball, this versatile activity center could meet all kinds of their needs. Removable and washable mats enhance a better grip when they explore in their castle, while mats could be removed during summertime to keep them cool.
2.RELIABLE QUALITY: Consists of CARB-certified natural particle boards and robust posts with DIA inches, stability of this house is trustworthy. New antibiosis ultrasonic fabric in main activity areas double ensures a safe and healthy life of your kittens. Slight stains could be wipe off easily since the fabric is mild waterproof
3. ELABORATE PLAYHOUSE: With the streamlined design, this 51.4in multilevel cat tree is perfect for your frisky cats to bounce up and down. Spacious top perch, super large hammock, wide platforms and cozy condo provide enough spaces for your kittens to take a break or be in a daze for a little bit. The swing tunnel in the middle of the house is the brightest spot. Not enough with only one tunnel? No worries! The condo is with an extra window which could attach another tunnel
4.ULTRA COMFORT: The spacious top perch is with 3.15 inches thick raised rim which allows your cat’s fluffy head rest on when enjoy superb scenery out of window. Extra-large hammock could fit their body curve properly as they curl up to have a nap in it. The ultimate sense of security and comfort it brings help them drive away tiredness. Comes with a soft plush cushion in the private condo, it makes your furry babies feel like sleeping on the cloud
5.SURPRISE YOUR CATS: Illustrated instruction and necessary hardware pack included for easy installation, a fresh new playhouse would come in sight of your cats in no time. It would be a purrfect gift for your furry friends. In addition, free replacement for all the parts except dangling ball within one year. Feel free to contact us if you have any questions during purchase
Question:Does this fit a large cat?
Answer:Hi there, it absolutely can hold and fit a large cat well, the whole structure is made of high-density wood, multiple cats and large cats would feel comfortable and safe playing on this.
By hzhwpet SELLER  on February 21, 2022
