About this item
Climbing Tree with Adjustable Height: The whole cat tree consists of 5 levels push-covered platforms, distance from every 2 platforms is 17.3 inches, the tension rod on the top can be adjusted to a preferred height from high to low（95-107 Inches） accommodate room ceiling. Once the tension rod is compressed enough, your cats can challenge themselves climbing to the top and enjoy the view from above.
Thicken Posts for Better Sturdiness: Posts on this cat tower are thicker than those in the market, the diameter of posts is increased to 9cm/3.5 inches, adding significant sturdiness to the structure and longer life cycle. All posts are covered with soft plush and natural sisal, do beneficial for cats to form a good habit of scratching. Please do be minded this tall cat post is recommended for kitten and small to medium cats, cats over 20lbs might be heavy for the very top scratching post.
Designed for Cats’ Natural Instinct: Cats are fond of climbing to high places out of natural, the height of this cat tree is all the way expanding to ceiling, cats will feel joyful to get to the highest spot in house; Cats are born to be hunters, sisal covered scratching posts and dangling ball will allow them to sharpen their claws and practice hunting skills. Kittens can rest, perch and napping on the plush platforms if tired, top cozy round bed will provide cats a deep quality sleep.
Space-Saving & Convenient to Move: This cat tree takes up mostly vertical space, occupies only a 44*25 cm/17.3*9.8 inches base on the floor, so you can settle it to any spot you’d like to. Overall weight of the cat tree is 8.7 kg/19.18 lbs, a relatively light weight that one will be able to carry easily. You can settle the cat tree to somewhere away from your furniture, so that there will be less scratches added to your expensive furniture.
EASY ASSEMBLY AND ISSUE-FREE: It takes about 10 minutes or less to have the cat tree scratch post installed. For any questions on the cat tree towers, you can contact us directly, The seller is always here of help. A professional service team will be on your call to solve all your worries.
Question:Can this be used on a vaulted ceiling?
Answer:Hi there，I am afraid that a vaulted ceiling won't work for this cat tree. The top rod needs to be compressed to a certain area to make the cat tree stable enough for cats to jump and climb.
By hzhwpet SELLER  on March 4, 2022
