About this item
1.Your Kitty Needs a Tall Cat Tree----Cats live in a vertical one and they depend on elevated areas for safety, comfort, exercise and fun.The height of this cat activity trees is 77 inch,satisfying for climbing and scratching needs of indoor cats. Allowing the cat not only to take care of their claws and exercise the surrounding muscles, but also to get exercise and is the closest thing to climbing a real tree.
2.Wood Cat Tree with Hammock----Made of natural solid wood,without adhensives and paint, eco-friendly and safety. The wall mounted cat tree is strong enough as a nice choice for large cats or multicat families. The cat scratching post’s sisal rope is durable, kept their claws off of your furniture.The hammock part is removable, convenient for washing.
3.Perfect Solution for Small Space----Compared to typical cat furniture, this cat vertical climber is slender and out of the way. The simple and elegant design blends well into your house decor, does not detract from your furnishings and take up less visual space in the room. This skinny cat tree has a small footprint, without compromising on the cats' experience, a great choice for apartment as well.
4.Safety Wall Mount Design-----Providing a safe environment for your families and cats by mounting into wall securely.The multi-level cat climbing tower allows the cat to remain in the same room as the children or dog but be high enough to avoid prodding from excitable little hands.Fits nicely in a corner where it can perch and watch the squirrels and birds.
5.Size & Assembly Tips: (Ⅰ)The size of cat climber is 16*77 inches, your kitty will enjoy climbing and perch on it with ease. (Ⅱ).Must mounting into STUD for stable, make sure point to point in same side of the cat board and wall attach board,such as A1 to A1,B1 to B1. We also prepared video and detail instruction, please contact us if you have any problem.
Question:How long does it take to assemble? Is assembly simple or difficult?
Answer:I take about 30 minutes, the assembly instruction is concise,making installation relatively easy
By Nikky Bennett on July 21, 2021
Question:The description states soild wood, is it true?
Answer:Yes, it's real wood, heavy and sturdy
By laura menken on July 21, 2021
Question:How does this smell? Is there chemical smell?
Answer:I didn't smell any chemical, just the wood smell.
By Sarah-Jane Finlayson on July 24, 2021
Question:How is the rope secured to the wood?
Answer:Staples at beginning and the end
By John Healey on December 27, 2021
Question:Can the wood be stained a darker color, or is it sealed where that wouldn't work?
Answer:It is not sealed at all. You could easily stain it. The only reason I personally didn't want to is for fear my cat would than hate the smell of it and not want to near it.
By Christina R Melton on December 13, 2021
Question:Does this have to screw into studs?
Answer:I did just follow buyer's instruction. because my wall is drywall and it seems more sturdy after mounting into studs
By chris Smiley on July 23, 2021
Question:What is the strong smell coming from the ropes? I see you say oil and chemical free I thought it might have been just the smell from the wood but it's
Answer:Hello，the sisal without chemical treated will have this smell, it is the original smell from it. As usual it will be eliminate after used for sometime. Or you could spray the sisal rope with the white vinegar, it acts as a deodorizer and will help to eliminate the smell from the sisal rope.
By maif SELLER  on September 24, 2021
Question:How large are the holes? One of my cats is a little portly and I want to make sure they’d fit through.
Answer:Hello, the diameter of circle hole is 7 inch, and the cat hole is larger than circle one.
By maif SELLER  on January 22, 2022
Question:What are the measurements of platform?
Answer:about 15.8"* 11.8"
By anthony on July 24, 2021
Question:Can you stack 2 of these on top of each other to gain more height? (Looking for a vaulted ceiling solution with more height as our cat loves to climb)
Answer:Yes, you could stack 2 of these , just make sure mounting it into wall for study. If the drywall, make sure mounting into stud.
By maif SELLER  on November 1, 2021
You probably can since the are wall mounted..... just make sure you attack to the wall studs for strength. And re arrange the the levels for the kitties 🐈‍⬛
By TonyaT on November 1, 2021
Question:Are you able to order this without the cat face cut out on 2 of the shelves? I am looking for 4 solid shelves.
Answer:You can remove the cat face, just know the cat face is what attaches to the wall.
By Ruthann L. on February 9, 2022
Question:Could this cat tower be used outdoors?
Answer:Probably. It's sturdy
By no pen name on October 16, 2021
No
By Chris W. on October 16, 2021
