About this item
✅【VETRESKA MULTICOLOR CAT TREE】 We wanted to give cats and us a more fun place to live together, so we designed this sweetheart cat tree inspired by VETRESKA's brand VI colors (Green, Blue, Pink, Yellow).
✅【LOVELY AND LIVELY DESIGNS】 The size of this cat tree tower is 24.4*21.2*37.7 inches. Our designers adjusted the distance between each floor (11.8inches) that cats can move around and considered the path that cats can climb, so that both big and small cats can climb and jump in layers. In addition, most cats like to stay in high places, we added a cat perch bed at the top so that the cat can lounge on it and look down on his / her territory.
✅【COMFORTABLE MATERIALS】This cat tree frame uses Teddy velvet to make the carpet. Teddy velvet is easier to clean, resistant to abrasion, and has the function of keeping warm.
✅【PROTECT THE FURNITURE】 The posts of the cat tower are completely wrapped by natural sisal rope for cats to scratch. We use a thicker rope, woven very tightly wound, more durable. The VETRESKA cat activity tree help prevent your cat from damaging carpets, furniture, curtains, and more by giving them a fixed area to play or scratch.
✅【STRONG AND STABLE 】The cat tree frame uses thick density board on the board, which is relatively heavy and can increase the stability of the cat climbing frame. At the same time, due to the relatively high density of the board, it is very hard and not easily damaged.
Question:What tools do i need to assemble the cat activity tree?
Answer:You don't need to prepare anything.It has instructions and tools .I think is easy to assemble.
By Amazoncustomer on December 21, 2021
Question:when the cat jumps up, the cat tower remain stable?
Answer:The base is quite large and stable. My cat 16lbs doesn't fall over when playing on it
By AmazonCustomer on December 23, 2021
Question:These posts and catpet are easily damaged？
Answer:Our cat tree's post are made of high strength post material, which is not easy to damage. On the carpet we use teddy velvet, which is very easy to clean and durable.
By Vetreska_Official SELLER  on December 28, 2021
The pipe look strong and grip-resistant, and the catpet soft and easy to clean. My cat often plays on it and it hasn't been damaged yet
By AmazonCustomer on December 23, 2021
Question:Will this work for adult cats? I have 2 cats about 13lbs and 20lbs.
Answer:I have three cats at home. Two kittens, one adult cat. The Adult cat weighs 18lbs. They can play together on the cat tree. I think the cat tree is bigger than what you see in the picture.
By Amazoncustomer on December 21, 2021
