About this item
Adjustable Cat Tree: This design has a choice of different placement angles to accommodate your cat's unique preferences and various room layouts. The cat tower has stronger load-bearing and stability, because of the anti-tipping design and high-quality hardware accessories, it is very safe for indoor cats to play and jump
Stable and Safe: Anti-tipping design and thickened bottom ensure the stability of the cat condos for indoor cats. Bottom plate made of CARB certified P2 particle board, the cat trees are securely wrapped with natural sisal rope and soft plush for durability, the cat furniture will be a good companion for your cat
Healthy Material: The cat tower with scratching posts and scratching board covered by natural sisal rope are more conducive to the cat's scratching and climbing, protecting the furniture and the cat owner from injury. Cats can enter sweet dreams in a warm cat condo or hammock after releasing their energy on scratching posts and small toys
All-in-one Cat Tower: The cat climbing tower includes top perch with removable plush cloth, the rotatable cat hammock that fits the cat's body curve, luxury cat condo and fuzzy ball with small bell to create pleasure for cats. . High-quality plush gives cats a soft touch. Your cat can lie on the cat activity trees and enjoy the sun
Cost-effective & Easy to Install: The cat tower is suitable for 1-3 cats to play with. Rotatable cat tree stand fits in under window sills of single apartments, or in offices. A cute modern cat tree will blend well with any interior decoration. All the parts are labelled well and the instructions are very clear
Question:Is the hammock detachable?
Answer:Yes , when you put it together just leave the hammock off
By marie s. on March 29, 2022
It can be removed without to much trouble. My cats didn’t like it. They are to heavy and fell out of it. My daughters kitten likes it. So I gave it to her.
By 55sgrandma on March 29, 2022
If you take off the top part, it can be removed. Or just skip the step of adding it completely during assembly
By Lee Family on March 29, 2022
Yes it is
By Bobbi B. on March 29, 2022
Question:Can a large 18lb cat fit comfortably?
Answer:I would say no. The tree is smaller than I expected. My 10lb cat barely fits in the hammock or bed.
By Gb on March 31, 2022
I would say no, unfortunately. The top perch might fit the cat and the little closed in area would be fine for sure. But the hanging pouch fits my 7-8 lb cat pretty snuggly.
By Jhgry on March 31, 2022
We have three cats and they have all been in the "cave" at the same time, so I would think an 18lb cat shouldn't have any issue there.
By Michael Everage on March 31, 2022

